cheat	Verb	1	[zheng_bing] Look , she 's cheating you out of your money !
cheat	Verb	1	[zheng_bing] If she could cheat you out of several tens of thousands and then she could leave the country !
cheat	Verb	1	Chang says that many parents use praise without making it clear to the child just what he is being praised for , and this " cheats " the child rather than showing him true respect .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	[Tim_Russert] if they 're going to cheat what good are they /?
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	[Robert_Gallucci] We caught them cheating /.
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	Regarding the phenomenon where some funds from inside and outside the border utilize unlawful channels to enter China to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange , relevant personnel in charge at the National Foreign Exchange Management Bureau expressed recently that the Foreign Exchange Management Department will strengthen the investigation of foreign exchange and the extent of supervision , severely punish unlawful capital flow inside and outside the border , and uphold the stability of the financial order .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	Regarding the phenomenon where some funds from inside and outside the border utilize unlawful channels to enter China to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange , relevant personnel in charge at the National Foreign Exchange Management Bureau expressed recently that the Foreign Exchange Management Department will strengthen the investigation of foreign exchange and the extent of supervision , severely punish unlawful capital flow inside and outside the border , and uphold the stability of the financial order .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	Regarding the phenomenon where some funds from inside and outside the border utilize unlawful channels to enter China to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange , relevant personnel in charge at the National Foreign Exchange Management Bureau expressed recently that the Foreign Exchange Management Department will strengthen the investigation of foreign exchange and the extent of supervision , severely punish unlawful capital flow inside and outside the border , and uphold the stability of the financial order .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	It was learned that , under the circumstances where the foreign exchange system reform has achieved good results , the foreign exchange position is comparatively relaxed , and the RMB exchange rate is continuously stable , some funds from inside and outside the border have also begun to use all sorts of unlawful channels to exit and enter China to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	It was learned that , under the circumstances where the foreign exchange system reform has achieved good results , the foreign exchange position is comparatively relaxed , and the RMB exchange rate is continuously stable , some funds from inside and outside the border have also begun to use all sorts of unlawful channels to exit and enter China to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	It was learned that , under the circumstances where the foreign exchange system reform has achieved good results , the foreign exchange position is comparatively relaxed , and the RMB exchange rate is continuously stable , some funds from inside and outside the border have also begun to use all sorts of unlawful channels to exit and enter China to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange .
cheat	Verb	2,3,4	During checks , it discovered that some corporations and individuals made use of foreign trading companies that have import and export operation rights , allowing them to perform " import agent " business , used false customs documents to cheat on exchange , in order to get foreign exchange capital through tax evasion and smuggling , while the foreign trading companies earned agent commission fees without any cost ; there was also some international speculative capital which infiltrated regular items to get remitted into the country ; or entered the domestic stock market for speculating , or false custom documents were purchased to purchase exchange to derive profit from the exchange differences within Chinese territory .
class	Noun	3	Director of the Wenbu Administration Bureau , Jiayangduoji said , Ci Suo and his family belong to the middle class living standard among the Wenbu herdsmen .  
class	Noun	3	''When we started the program six years ago , the use of Filipino was deemed unwise by the predominantly middle class , '' says Lydia Brown , the program 's creator .  
class	Noun	3	''For the middle and upper - middle class -LCB- Filipino -RCB- is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine - studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines .  
class	Noun	3	It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography .  
class	Noun	3	The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years ; more than 90 % of the people consider themselves middle class .  
class	Noun	3	In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters .  
class	Noun	3	In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction .  
class	Noun	3	The goal was to learn about one of today 's fastest - growing income groups , the upper - middle class .  
class	Noun	3	It should also encourage service -- preferably by all classes and all ages .  
class	Noun	3	People of all ages and all classes should be encouraged to serve , but there are many ways for middle - class kids , and their elders , to serve at little public cost .  
class	Noun	3	The prospect of emigrating to Shang-hai has caught the imagination of middle - class Taiwanese in recent years , and waves of business persons have been pouring into Shanghai since the early 1990s .  
class	Noun	3	Neighboring places heavily influenced by " Asian values , " such as Japan , Korea and Hong Kong , have a strong sense of how important it is to belong to " the educated class , " just as we do here .  
class	Noun	3	This " passport , " with its middle - class and decidedly Western sensibility , is just one example of how Taipei differs from other places in Taiwan .  
class	Noun	3	Um I was in hiding a lot of my childhood although I had a wonderful upbringing and a very normal middle class upbringing /.  
class	Noun	3	This is a working middle class that wants to work and make money for themselves and they understand that when we come in here , we 'll make that available to them .  
class	Noun	3	Pay down the nation 's debt , strengthen Social Security , cut taxes for middle class family , save our environment .  
class	Noun	3	Set at the exclusive Bush Wood country club , it 's about class conflict or as movie advertising sometimes calls it , the snobs versus the flops .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The youngest participants in the class are just seven or eight , while the oldest range on up to 70 or 80 .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	After this , the class plays ' Teacher Says . '  
class	Noun	2,4,6	In today 's English lesson , a grade 4 class at Jen Ai Primary School is starting sentences with ' I can . '  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The teacher explains the basic pattern then the class begins a game of charades .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Children mime movements at the front of the class : swimming , dancing , jumping , running etc , and their classmates have to use English to describe what they 're doing .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Big classes , little practice  
class	Noun	2,4,6	And you really need small class sizes for the training of listening comprehension , and this is another thing the schools can not provide .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	So the only thing to do is keep on sending him to the private language school , where classes are more ideally sized .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	It found that for the majority of teachers , the greatest difficulty is the vast range of English levels of the students in a single class .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Added to this is the perennial problem of class sizes being too large , and not enough English classes scheduled - only one or two a week .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Parents and teachers both raised the idea of " ability streaming , " i.e. , different classes for different ability levels , to address the difficulties of large classes .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Chu Hui-mei explains , " Every Chinese family is preoccupied with being able to get ahead in the world , but our past experience with ability - based class groupings has taught us some bitter lessons . "  
class	Noun	2,4,6	For example , divide a large class into groups to discuss what they would buy with NT$ 100 .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	At first , the children 's welfare institution teachers took him and picked him up , after the second year , he boarded , and every Saturday , went back to the welfare institution , no matter whether it was windy or rained , he never missed any classes .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	An important measure was implemented today in Shanghai where China will crash train transnational management high level managerial talent , namely , practical management advanced training and discussion classes for transnational enterprises in China .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The advanced training and discussion classes are jointly held by the China Foreign Trade and Economy Co-operation Department , the United Nations Trade and Development Conference , the China International Human Resource Development Cross-Culture Academy , and the Shanghai International Finance Institute .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	When I asked American Airlines for its side of the story for use in my MBA class , where I teach business ethics , it did not respond .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and `` aroma therapy '' -- massages with scented oils .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Many Law School Grads Find Classes Never End  
class	Noun	2,4,6	RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The course includes classes on political broadcasting , international broadcasting information / propaganda strategies , and digital television broadcast development , as well as visits to the Central Broadcasting Corporation , Taiwan Television Corporation , Eastern TV , and other media outlets .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The school will begin admitting students this coming September and start classes in October .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The decision about whether to open senior high school classes will be made later depending on demand .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The big difference is that classes are taught in both Chinese and English because the Taiwanese parents are very interested in seeing that their children learn English well .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Little Oxford elementary school teaches classes in both Chinese and English , which is just what the Taiwanese expatriates want for their children .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	At an age when most kids in the West are still playing every day , our children have already started shuttling about among supplementary schools for classes in English , computers , abacus and art .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Experimental classes giving pupils the chance for self-motivated study are now being offered in some schools in Taiwan , and the results show that these children are happier and more positive .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Besides these activities , TCAC also offers regularly scheduled classes for both children and adults .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Current offerings include a class on environmental preservation for children , while for both children and adults there are classes on calligraphy , traditional Hakka folk songs , and local history .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Current offerings include a class on environmental preservation for children , while for both children and adults there are classes on calligraphy , traditional Hakka folk songs , and local history .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	In the class on local history , the participants themselves do all the talking .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Outgrowths of the class include the river preservation campaign and a guidebook for tourists interested in learning about environmental issues and local history .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	And with so many different and fun aerobics classes , exercise is n't hard labor anymore , " he says .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	But Asians prefer group activities , and as a result California is putting more emphasis on aerobics classes , with classes every hour all day , so that members can join in any time .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	But Asians prefer group activities , and as a result California is putting more emphasis on aerobics classes , with classes every hour all day , so that members can join in any time .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	As their names suggest , these classes modify traditional aerobic dance by adding martial arts moves , step platforms , Latin rhythms , dumbbells , and other props , thereby placing the focus of the workout on different muscle groups .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	In addition , aerobics centers commonly provide classes in Asian health techniques like yoga , tai-chi , and qigong .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The two became firm friends and began to take classes under Li Chung-sheng , the doyen of modern art in Taiwan .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	For example , she notes , recently the MOFA , through its " virtual diplomacy institute , " has begun offering a class in " diplomacy of the whole people " that provides training to legislative assistants , political party staff , and employees of nongovernmental organizations .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	The sight of professionals in suits and ties rushing to class at dusk contrasts greatly from the typical jeans and casual attire of fresh-faced undergrads .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Lee relates that as a youth he studied because he was forced to , but now his motivations for learning are far greater - so great in fact that he registered for three classes at the start of the semester , a decision he has come to regret for lack of time .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	First , working during the day and attending classes at night is often a war of energy and will .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Meanwhile , some become highway speeders , rushing from Taoyuan or Hsinchu to attend class .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	She divides her schedule into three - month cycles , and with one class on Thursday afternoons , her company does its best to accommodate her by not holding meetings that involve her on that day of the week .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Still , sometimes nothing can be done , such as the time that she had a meeting in Hong Kong early one Friday morning , forcing her to miss class on Thursday while she flew to Hong Kong .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	She had to fly quickly back to Taipei to make class on Saturday afternoon .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Despite often staying up until 2:00 or 3:00 AM to study or write reports , Lee likes mingling in the executive management class with a diverse group of students from different fields , and feels that the new ideas the professors feed them help keep her brain supple .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Even if she has no classes to attend , leaving the office at 8:00 PM is no different from the perspective of her family life than the extra hour she spends attending classes until 9:00 PM .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Even if she has no classes to attend , leaving the office at 8:00 PM is no different from the perspective of her family life than the extra hour she spends attending classes until 9:00 PM .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Students who have been away from the classroom for well over a decade can not be expected to remember all the formulas they learned in statistics and economics classes way back when .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Nor should classes turn into solo performances by the professor .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Instead , grades are based on homework results and class participation .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Tang 's risk management class is discussing how to identify risks .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Wu tells his professors that unless they perform well in class , the EMBA can not develop further , as universities are founded upon academic research .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Why do n't you try a weekend class ?  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Four years earlier his daughter , now in grade 3 , attended English classes at a well known private kindergarten in Neihu .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Two years ago , realizing that the local parents had to work in the daytime , the school began holding supplementary after - school classes offering English lessons every Wednesday afternoon for the elementary grades .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Jen Ai Primary School has over 100 classes .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	What strikes people as curious is , if their schools have had English classes for a long time now then why do so many students need to go to private language schools ?  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Some have been learning English since very young and find class too easy , and so when the lesson starts their enthusiasm evaporates .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Added to this is the perennial problem of class sizes being too large , and not enough English classes scheduled - only one or two a week .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	If the teachers only speak English in class it will frighten children who have never learnt English before .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Parents and teachers both raised the idea of " ability streaming , " i.e. , different classes for different ability levels , to address the difficulties of large classes .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	With regard to the problems of having too few classes a week and learning very little English , the working group suggested that schools could take advantage of times such as early-morning study hour , cleaning time , and the lunch break to play tapes or practise speaking English , to give students more exposure to English .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Time for English class .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	the students were not allowed to leave their classes /.  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Well I 'm we could n't see anything because we were all in class /.  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Uh you were in class /.  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Did did the bell ring -- did classes -- I mean how did they alert people what happenend /?  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Well we were already in class /.  
class	Noun	2,4,6	the students were locked in their classes for about two hours /.  
class	Noun	2,4,6	That 's after she reportedly showed up at a yoga class near her estate north of New York City /.  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Thousands of bees have invaded their campus , making it difficult to eat lunch outside and get to class .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	California now , high school and college students there skipped class to show their opposition to a U.S. - led war with Iraq .  
class	Noun	2,4,6	Last month , in accordance with Russian Orthodox tradition , a remembrance class was held 40 days after the death of 118 seamen aboard the Kursk .  
class	Noun	7,1	Co-operation between the US General Electric Capital Company and the Shanghai Electric Company included investment in building 4 sets of 100,000 kW class turbine generating units .  
class	Noun	7,1	During the early days , a 5000 ton class container dock had already been built in Jiujiang port in the north of Jiangxi .  
class	Noun	7,1	The technology of using nitrogen as a protecting gas to stretch monocrystalline silicon , which won the national important invention award , has been transformed by the Semiconductor Factory of Zhejiang University in this zone into an outstanding one among domestic and foreign products of the same class .  
class	Noun	7,1	In recent years , the development zone built several berths at the 10,000 ton class , 20,000 ton class , 30,000 ton class and 50,000 ton class on the base of its original two 3000 ton class berths .  
class	Noun	7,1	In recent years , the development zone built several berths at the 10,000 ton class , 20,000 ton class , 30,000 ton class and 50,000 ton class on the base of its original two 3000 ton class berths .  
class	Noun	7,1	In recent years , the development zone built several berths at the 10,000 ton class , 20,000 ton class , 30,000 ton class and 50,000 ton class on the base of its original two 3000 ton class berths .  
class	Noun	7,1	In recent years , the development zone built several berths at the 10,000 ton class , 20,000 ton class , 30,000 ton class and 50,000 ton class on the base of its original two 3000 ton class berths .  
class	Noun	7,1	In recent years , the development zone built several berths at the 10,000 ton class , 20,000 ton class , 30,000 ton class and 50,000 ton class on the base of its original two 3000 ton class berths .  
class	Noun	7,1	Scientists call the new class of genes tumor - suppressors , or simply anti-cancer genes .  
class	Noun	7,1	`` Only two classes of minds would think of this -- very weak human players , and computers , '' said Edmar Mednis , the expert commentator for the match , which was attended by hundreds of chess fans .  
class	Noun	7,1	Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 250 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Morgan Stanley .  
class	Noun	7,1	Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .  
class	Noun	7,1	Separately , a $ 400 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 15 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co .  
class	Noun	7,1	Finally , a $ 300 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 12 classes by Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .  
class	Noun	7,1	$ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 13 classes by Prudential - Bache Securities Inc .  
class	Noun	7,1	Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % , or 75 basis points over two - year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % , or 200 basis points over 10 - year Treasurys .  
class	Noun	7,1	The principal - only securities will be repackaged by BT Securities into a Freddie Mac Remic , Series 103 , that will have six classes .  
class	Noun	7,1	With a throw of 57.28 meters , Chiang shattered the world record for the javelin in the F12 visually - impaired class .  
class	Noun	7,1	In the wheelchair men 's doubles class 5 event , Chou Chang-sheng and Lin Yen-hung took the silver , while Chou won another silver in the men 's singles .  
class	Noun	7,1	The men 's class 9 team for persons with non-leg-related disabilities and the women 's wheelchair team of combined classes 4 and 5 took bronzes in team events , while Li Ching-chung -LRB- men 's judo class 1 -RRB- and Lu Li-hua -LRB- women 's powerlifting class 1 -RRB- garnered individual bronzes .  
class	Noun	7,1	The men 's class 9 team for persons with non-leg-related disabilities and the women 's wheelchair team of combined classes 4 and 5 took bronzes in team events , while Li Ching-chung -LRB- men 's judo class 1 -RRB- and Lu Li-hua -LRB- women 's powerlifting class 1 -RRB- garnered individual bronzes .  
class	Noun	7,1	The men 's class 9 team for persons with non-leg-related disabilities and the women 's wheelchair team of combined classes 4 and 5 took bronzes in team events , while Li Ching-chung -LRB- men 's judo class 1 -RRB- and Lu Li-hua -LRB- women 's powerlifting class 1 -RRB- garnered individual bronzes .  
class	Noun	7,1	The men 's class 9 team for persons with non-leg-related disabilities and the women 's wheelchair team of combined classes 4 and 5 took bronzes in team events , while Li Ching-chung -LRB- men 's judo class 1 -RRB- and Lu Li-hua -LRB- women 's powerlifting class 1 -RRB- garnered individual bronzes .  
class	Noun	7,1	 It 's not that I 'm especially fond of music or culture ,  says Yeh , who studied engineering in the last Japanese-era class of what became the National Taipei Institute of Technology .  
class	Noun	7,1	We 're expecting that the Homeland Security Secretary will announce the Iraqi lawyer who provided information that helped in the rescue of private first class Jessica Lynch the former POW , that this Iraqi lawyer , who provided the information to U.S. military authority IES has been granted asylum here in the United States , together with his wife and daughter .  
class	Noun	7,1	Their more intriguing argument is that one of the charges against Malvo is under Virginia 's anti-terrorism statute and they argue that every resident of Fairfax County is potentially a member of the victim 's class . And therefore , disqualified from serving as a juror .  
class	Noun	6,2	This was pointed out today by Tianjin 's vice-Mayor , Disheng Ye , when he made a thematic investment report for the '97 MBA class international on - site observation group of the US New York University Stone Business Administration Institute .  
class	Noun	6,2	The 62 people of the US New York University Stone Business Administration Institute 's '97 MBA class international on - site observation group , came from various big corporations , companies , financial groups , and banks respectively .  
class	Noun	6,2	Since the `` yield '' from this top slice of applicants is relatively low , boosting admits from 40 % to 50 % will boost registrants from about 31 % to 38 % of the class .  
class	Noun	6,2	The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class .  
class	Noun	8	Yongkang Zhou pointed out in the meeting 's working report that at present the exploratory development of land - based oil has encountered a series of world - class problems , investment costs are increasing daily , and the tasks of enterprise reform and industrial restructuring are formidable .  
class	Noun	8	He said , China 's Customs was an important department for external communications , and should be aligned with world class advanced Customs systems to meet the needs of the development of socialist market economy .  
class	Noun	8	Japan has climbed up from the ashes of World War II and a gross national product of about $ 800 per capita to reach the heavyweight class among industrialized nations .  
class	Noun	8	And centenarians fly free in first class .  
class	Noun	8	and frankly we 've got a first class military and a first class diplomatic effort /.  
class	Noun	8	and frankly we 've got a first class military and a first class diplomatic effort /.  
edge	Noun	1	On the edge of fashionable Georgetown , in a chic office with a river view and a number of corporate clients whom he wo n't name , Mr. Deaver is trying to reclaim his reputation as one of the savviest image makers in town .  
edge	Noun	1	In order to pave the way for the construction of a water treatment facility on the northeast edge of Pali , the plan to develop tourism in Pali was scrapped overnight .  
edge	Noun	1	Pali Rural Township -LRB- also spelled Bali -RRB- is located at the northwestern edge of the Taipei Basin , on the western bank of the mouth of the Tanshui River .  
edge	Noun	1	But after the ice ages , the high mountains of Taiwan , which were squeezed up from the edges of two tectonic plates a million years ago , became their refuge .  
edge	Noun	5	In Poland 's rapid shift from socialism to an undefined alternative , environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut cumbersome bureaucracies , and democratize local politics .  
edge	Noun	5	Cutting edge  
edge	Noun	5	P&G , in fact , is noted for gaining market leadership by introducing products that offer a technical edge over the competition .  
edge	Noun	5	The hot - dipped galvanized segment is one of the fastest - growing and most profitable segments of the steel market , coveted by all major integrated steelmakers wanting to maintain an edge over smaller minimills and reconstructed mills -- those spun off to employees .  
edge	Noun	5	Conservatives now hold only a 5 - 4 edge .  
edge	Noun	5	His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political - action committees to preserve his edge .  
edge	Noun	5	Lt. Gen. Fuh Wei-ku , commandant of the Air Command and General Staff College at the Armed Forces University , notes that for the moment Taiwan still has a slight edge in terms of air defense .  
edge	Noun	5	Although this prediction is not necessarily accurate , Taiwan should work to maintain its edge so as to guarantee peace through strength .  
edge	Noun	5	Liao Ching-jong , director of the NTUST College of Management , relates that new entrants into the professional ranks concentrate on accumulating professional know-how , while seasoned middle - and top - level executives seek an edge in management .  
edge	Noun	5	Though huge multinational corporations may have an edge in terms of information technology , since the rapid growth of the Internet in the 1990s , ' little guys ' whom no one has ever heard of before - relying only on programming ability , creativity , and hard work - have had the space to bring their talents into play .  
edge	Noun	5	" If your English is good , it gives you an edge .
expose	Verb	1,2	India is a deeply religious and traditional country , but in the past decade thanks to globalization and cable TV , the population has been exposed to dozens of multinational brands from burgers to washing machines and pizzas to Pepsi , but despite the desire to embrace globalization , there is still a reluctance to change completely .
expose	Verb	1,2	The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air .
expose	Verb	1,2	I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today '' .
expose	Verb	1,2	Again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments .
expose	Verb	1,2	She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .
expose	Verb	1,2	Muller , nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car 's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; ; his face wore a look of outrage .
expose	Verb	1,2	It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night .
expose	Verb	1,2	She had , of course , been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` Tristan und Isolde '' , `` Candide '' , `` Oklahoma '' , `` Nozze de Figaro '' , the atomic age singers , Eileen Farrell , Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd , as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians , Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians .
expose	Verb	1,2	Willis listened patiently , and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering ; ; he generally heard Freddy 's suggestions without interest , being absorbed by his own prospering concerns .
expose	Verb	1,2	[Dr_Gupto] The way to really study it would be to knowingly expose people to bird flu /.
expose	Verb	1,2	[speaker1] but [speaker1] is n't there a minimal public sympathy for her because these sources were not exposing wrongdoing as Deep Throat did but outing a CIA operative /?
expose	Verb	1,2	[Arianna_Huffington] and I think Keith Olbermann did a phenomenal job at exposing this on ~MSNBC /.
expose	Verb	1,2	The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- `` it cost them , '' Mr. Kriz said .
expose	Verb	1,2	After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . ''
expose	Verb	1,2	And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats .
expose	Verb	1,2	But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk .
expose	Verb	1,2	Four workers at GTE Corp. 's headquarters have been diagnosed as having hepatitis , and city health officials are investigating whether a cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other GTE employees to the viral infection , company and city officials said .
expose	Verb	1,2	Cheng admits that if he utilized extraneous processes , such as exposing the pieces to wood smoke for a long time , he could get the colors closer to those of the actual artifacts , but then he would be losing something else at the same time .
expose	Verb	1,2	He is best known for his work on two award - winning documentaries which appeared on CNN exposing the world to the Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
expose	Verb	1,2	But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it .
expose	Verb	1,2	What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ?
expose	Verb	1,2	The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others .
expose	Verb	1,2	Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states .
expose	Verb	1,2	The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as James 's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries -RRB- `` however bad I may be , you 're not quite the people to say it '' .
expose	Verb	1,2	In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people .
expose	Verb	1,2	But however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises .
expose	Verb	1,2	The doctor opened the smallest of his cases , an unimposing straw bag , and exposed the contents for Alex 's inspection .
expose	Verb	1,2	[Ye_daying] They let a lot of people expose my father ,
expose	Verb	1,2	[Jin_xide] So , contrary to Koizumi 's diplomatic purpose , he not only failed to sidestep the issue of the visit , but rather exposed this kind of , this %pw scandal to the %pw entire world .
expose	Verb	1,2	[Jin_xide] That is to say , this time he could only further expose his poor diplomatic skills and his isolation to the international community .
expose	Verb	1,2	But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue .
expose	Verb	1,2	Nearby there was a level slope a few hundred meters wide amidst rows of green trees and withered trees , exposing raked brown-grey gravel .
failure	Noun	3,7	Finally , Jian Song said , " Whether our own high-tech and its industry can be successful is related to the success or failure of China 's undertaking of modernization , and is related to the rise and fall of the Chinese people .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Sanford Kane , U.S. Memories president , said the decision was `` disappointing , '' but does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Officials familiar with the meeting said Mr. Bush cited the policy as an example of the sort of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of such covert actions as this month 's futile effort to oust Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega .  
failure	Noun	3,7	It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad .  
failure	Noun	3,7	A statement issued by the office of the committee chairman , Sen. David Boren -LRB- D. , Okla. -RRB- , charged that the disclosure is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure of the recent coup attempt in Panama .  
failure	Noun	3,7	The existence of the policy became known after Bush disclosed it to seven GOP senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Under the wrong circumstances , failure to display strong Chinese nationalism could spell political suicide for a Communist Party leader , and he might well decide , ' To hell with the US and economic development , I 've got to attack if I 'm to stay in power . '  
failure	Noun	3,7	While the latest round of constitutional revisions satisfies the general desire across the political spectrum to progressively dismantle the National Assembly , sloppy accompanying provisions and the failure of the various political parties to propose a new blueprint in its place provide cause for new concern over the health of constitutional government in the ROC .  
failure	Noun	3,7	In announcing the ruling , Judicial Yuan Secretary-General Yang Jen-shou explained that the Executive Yuan 's decision to suspend construction of the nuclear plant was a major change in government policy , and since the premier is required to deliver a report to the legislature in such cases , Premier Chang 's failure to do so represents a procedural flaw .  
failure	Noun	3,7	The 20th century left us with a major lesson - that war is a failure of humanity .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Only after repeated failures and much frustration did he think about electroplating his black plastic albums with nickel and copper to make them stronger .  
failure	Noun	3,7	For international organizations of which the PRC is already member , such as the United Nations , although Taiwan has repeatedly knocked at the door , it has met with repeated failure as a result of international pressure imposed by the PRC under the " one China " principle .  
failure	Noun	3,7	But he suggested that Taiwan should reconsider its tactical approach ; otherwise repeated failure could cause people to lose interest and faith .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Are you willing to risk failure ?  
failure	Noun	3,7	A failure is like the South in the American Civil War .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Those who have experience beat those who lack experience , and failure counts as experience .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Your past failure is your MBA from the school of hard knocks .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Failure is not rare or unusual .  
failure	Noun	3,7	By mid-1999 things were looking up again , but then massive power failures in the wake of the 21 September earthquake wiped out nearly NT$ 10 billion worth of textile orders .  
failure	Noun	3,7	This failure focused renewed attention on poor coordination between the central and local governments .  
failure	Noun	3,7	And at some nursing homes the failure to evacuate cost lives /.  
failure	Noun	3,7	By by our occupation and also by our bullying tactics by our failure to offer economic solutions and diplomatic solutions our failure to have enough interpreters on the ground our failure to provide a secure situation /.  
failure	Noun	3,7	By by our occupation and also by our bullying tactics by our failure to offer economic solutions and diplomatic solutions our failure to have enough interpreters on the ground our failure to provide a secure situation /.  
failure	Noun	3,7	By by our occupation and also by our bullying tactics by our failure to offer economic solutions and diplomatic solutions our failure to have enough interpreters on the ground our failure to provide a secure situation /.  
failure	Noun	3,7	Firestone 's finding that the process , not the quality of workmanship that brought about the failures has brought a sense of relief .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Academic performance ranged from excellent to failure .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Secretary of State Colin Powell acted like a prosecutor , pointing out Iraq 's failures .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Hamas plays on the Palestinian Authority 's failure to produce .  
failure	Noun	3,7	He died yesterday of renal failure and complications from pneumonia .  
failure	Noun	3,7	Environmentalists have reacted to the failure with dismay .  
failure	Noun	1,2	Um if it -- if it does n't happen I think uh the administration will be seen as a complete and utter failure /.  
failure	Noun	1,2	The answer to failure is not to perpetuate it /.  
failure	Noun	1,3	Failure of U.S. equipment makers , IBM fears , would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market .  
failure	Noun	1,3	Will Ogonyok begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika ?  
failure	Noun	1,3	It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders .  
failure	Noun	1,3	Mr. Nahas , who single - handedly provoked a one - day closure of Brazil 's stock markets in June when he failed to honor a debt of $ 31.1 million owed to his brokers , yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange ; a few days before Mr. Nahas 's failure , the exchange raised the required margin on stock - margin transactions .  
failure	Noun	1,3	But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun .  
failure	Noun	1,3	Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then - biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . ''  
failure	Noun	1,3	Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks .  
failure	Noun	1,3	But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them from launching new publications .  
failure	Noun	1,3	The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a `` middle way '' between the extremes of success and failure , wealth and poverty .  
failure	Noun	1,3	Dissident UAW members have used the Fiero plant as a symbol of labor - management cooperation 's failure .  
failure	Noun	2	The disarray in the junk - bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy - out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms .  
failure	Noun	2	Failure to complete the form had been punishable as a misdemeanor until last November , when Congress determined that the crime was a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison .  
failure	Noun	2	Since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 0.26 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate .  
failure	Noun	2	But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects .  
failure	Noun	2	But analysts reckon underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday .  
failure	Noun	2	Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence , failure to file a return , and the like .  
failure	Noun	2	A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties .  
failure	Noun	2	Thus , in a criminal case , a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to `` take the Fifth . ''  
failure	Noun	6	Dun & Bradstreet Corp. said business failures fell 17.8 % to 11,586 in the third quarter from 14,099 in the year - earlier period .  
failure	Noun	6	In the first nine months of this year , business failures dropped 15.6 % to 37,820 from 44,796 .  
failure	Noun	6	Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company .  
failure	Noun	6	D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors .  
failure	Noun	6	The current decline in failures continues a trend begun in late 1987 , D&B said .  
failure	Noun	6	Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10 % in the nine months .  
failure	Noun	6	The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real - estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 .  
failure	Noun	6	Several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination .  
failure	Noun	6	Avoiding failure is easy .  
failure	Noun	6	It was offered as an expression of cooperation to Mr. Gonzalez , who is investigating the $ 2.5 billion failure of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association .  
failure	Noun	7	Some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long - term care such as nursing - home stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic illnesses and conditions such as cancer , heart attarcks , renal failure and kidney transplants .  
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Now that investigators have had their first major break , the confidence level here has risen , but U.S. officials still warn a long investigation lies ahead .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Everywhere else in the country , Americans were stopped momentarily in their tracks to think of the mess that may lie ahead .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Rositas lies on one of the city 's main thoroughfares .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	In the next room her husband Lu Yo Ching lies sleeping in the final stages of cancer , exhausted both by the battle with the disease and by months of painful writing which have brought him both fame and criticism .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Attractiveness lies in being a mess .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Now , it 's lying in something over 300 feet of water , so if you can just visualize it being turned on its end , it would stick out of the sea about 200 feet .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The Galapagos Isles lie 600 miles off Ecuador 's pacific coast , populated by animal and plant species found nowhere else .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The State Department spokesman says the demonstrations are about Iran and Iranians , and have nothing to do with the U.S. , but he did make it clear where U.S. sympathies lie .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	And Maynard Jackson lies in state today at his alma mater .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	President Arafat can not give orders to a people , to a whole nation , that is being killed every day and being asked to lie back and to die quietly , not to defend themselves .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen , the second to drop the gas bombs , the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The girders of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	If the wedding party lasted late , and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start , the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other 's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall -LRB- the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back -RRB- may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	And just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	`` Doctor '' Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Small areas that are n't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	And still another witness , one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses , had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Not in Eichmann 's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson 's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany 's stock with the view to controlling its policies .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Another Yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer : `` now I lay me down to sleep , the gray-backs o'er my body creep ; ; if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	After all , the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen 's comprehension and control .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O'Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	One of the vexatious problems to first confront President Kennedy was the property lying just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They lay , with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky peeping down at them .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	But even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` Know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth , That here , with dust upon his eyes , Iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	In this true lover 's tomb interred A world of love lies sepulchred . ''
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The only important differences from that standpoint , between the two Constitutions , lies in their Preambles .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	From high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that I could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ; ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ; hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Because the responsibility for resolving the issue lay with the President , rather than with his doctors , nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ; one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They lay on his lap , palms up , stiffly motionless , the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	His hands lay loosely , yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands : almost lifelike , not quite -- folded in his lap ; ; his mouth hung slightly open .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Lying in the grass behind the brush clump , Warren looked about .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It sometimes ended in death-like trances with many lying exhausted and panting on chair and floor .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Before him , mutilated , bleeding to death , they lay .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He looked over at him , lying there , asleep , and he felt a wave of revulsion .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider 's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Isaac Pitt , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; ; and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	I did n't offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Underneath the big one , in the silent moonlight , lay a dead pigeon , and on the smaller bell , the Clemence , two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Those men , lying in the huts , they did not know .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He would lay in wait in the garage , and when the terrier came scratching around , he 'd let fly with a cherry bomb .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Argiento made him lie down on the bed , brought a pan of hot water , dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He sat beside Kate 's bed with the others throughout the morning , talking , talking of God 's will , while Kate lay staring angrily at him .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	New York lay bleaching in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The morning hawk , hungry for any eatable , killable , digestible item , kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay , sheltered by the Jersey inlets .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	First thing I knew he was in the kitchenette cooking up the breakfast and I was handing Eileen her coffeecup and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	-- Make him lie down ! !
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Already his cool body lay in the ground .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	What hope lay in the nephews , she asked the intensifying light out there , with one married to a barren woman and the other divorced , having sired two girl children , with none to bear on the Packard name ? ?
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He saw the Starbird as she lay , her slender mast up and gently turning , its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He was just lying there .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; ; a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models , drawings , ten-foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days , and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Inside , carefully packed in straw , were six eggs , but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside ; ; to Alex they were merely six not unusual hens ' eggs .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat , and his brief case lay on the bench .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	`` He 's used it every day ; ; every morning , I lay out his clothes on it '' .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with irresolution , longing to fall into a deep sleep .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan , the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger , her quiet competence , the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Her heart was thumping painfully ; ; the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her ? ?
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He staggered into the back seat and lay back , fighting for breath .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He fell on his side across the lowest step , rolled over once , then lay still .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The body lay in an awkward sprawl twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Kitti would lie in it no more .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He would lie in it no more .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They 've worried , they 've lain awake nights , they 've shook at the slightest footstep , they 've pictured their own destruction , and now it 's all over and they can give up .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station 's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector 's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O.T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordere
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He lay still , listening to the silence , watching the light .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	On the bare floorboards a man lay face down .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They picnicked by the pool , then lay back on the grass and looked at stars .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	`` I think we 'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought , the camp is quiet .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138 .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration couches on board .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He no longer had to lie in his bunk all night , his eyes closed , pretending to sleep .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The many-bodied girl lay near him .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert , `` That was a good bite .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The half-man lay on the ground , arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	She lay there , making no effort to get back on her feet .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He jerked once in the grass and lay still .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They lay a little too stiffly , with their eyes straining to stay closed .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	My future lay solely with the hall , yet what did I know about the hall at this point ? ?
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply , letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	On her bureau lay a small , brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving -- an object which , Pamela believed now , had been the property of her great-grandfather , Major Hiram Munroe Culver .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Was it not possible , after all , that the forest was in league with her and her child that its sympathy lay with the Culvers that she had erred in failing to understand this ? ?
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The small half-heartedly tended fields of men who 'd spent more time rustling cattle than farming were lying fallow .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Leaving Jess 's where it lay , he left the stall .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Her Nicolas lay curled in the sun like a fawn , black hair falling over his eyes .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; ; suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; ; dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; ; there was not a match-width of damp mark to show they were receding .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Anyway , he does n't deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt , Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man 's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded , blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	There lay Grand Fair 's Quinzaine , his own young parents ' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , grandsons .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty 's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Folly danced , eager for whatever lay beyond the door .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The cemetery slumbered just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Bits of trash lay in the roadway .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	When we were fighting , a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ?
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Lie back and go to sleep .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Japan , she said , smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ; then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Although he still did n't speak to anyone , he grew fond of saying , `` The future lies in Asia '' , when the opportunity arose , and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation , they said , for his life in Asian studies .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It lay half in the furrow and half out , and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Lying awake at night , he could see them , laid out on the floor of his mind .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a superhuman neatness , but in the middle of the carpet lay the disheveled shorts .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith , that the idea would work because he believed in it , since his courage and virility were involved , because it was truly his .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	And then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he did n't want to do them .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It 's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but therein lies its variety and charm .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; ; and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious SalFininistas passed through his `` purgatory '' of neglect .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	[Firefighter_A]   There was --   um   what I --   a person lying down /.
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	[Anderson_Cooper] In a moment a life and death struggle over a fifteen year old boy who is in a coma uh who is lying breathing on a ventilator /.
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	[Wang_Shilin] Ah , people may also frequently ask such a question that since it is the most important thing for a country to keep good relationship with its neighboring countries , why would Japan want to seek far and wide for what lies close at hand ?
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	As it stands now , Congress presumes after the Reagan administration that the White House will take unconstitutional provisions in appropriations bills lying down .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The protesters lie down in the street , blocking traffic , and will not move until the authorities carry them away .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The real tragedy , though , lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	After Sony Corp. 's recent headline-grabbing acquisition of Columbia Pictures , many say it makes good political sense to lie low .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Magazine editors did not take the criticisms lying down .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	In Australia , land of the outback , a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that degradation .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Securities analysts , many of whom scrapped their buy recommendations after seeing Cathay 's interim figures , believe more jolts lie ahead .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	But therein lies another aspect of investment risk : the hazard of shaping your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being blind-sided by others .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The difference lies in how the two entrepreneurial furriers reacted to the foreign competition and transformation of their industry over the past 10 years .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Mr. Dole 's odd effort notwithstanding , most of Turkey 's political problems lie with the Europeans .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The Hulun Buir League lies on China 's northern border frontier , neighboring on Russia and Mongolia .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	However , the annual flood season has been having a certain impact on both the local economy 's development and the life of the common people , especially for the lower reaches of the Longkai River at Jiujiang City , which lies along the urban hub , where the current flows through the city area before entering the Yangtze River .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	According to analysis by authorities , important reasons for the high rate of going into operation and the rapid repayment of these large foreign funded industrial enterprises , apart from the advantageous investment environment of Pudong , also lie in the industry and product advantages these introduced enterprises themselves possess .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The joy lies in that the total amount of foreign trade still maintains a strong growth momentum , and has realized trade surpluses for the third year in a row , whereas the sorrow is that the amount of trade surplus has sharply reversed , and this year , a relatively large deficit may appear .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	The White Paper , " Regarding the China-US Balance of Trade Problem " , announced by China 's State Department News Office today , pointed out that the unreasonableness of trade statistics determined according to the original site of manufacture principle was where the essence lay in America 's trade deficit with China being seriously exaggerated , and in the Sino-American trade balance situation being distorted .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	Because beauty really does n't lie in the time of the realization of a desire but lives profoundly in the yearning for the goal .
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	China has already demonstrated to the entire world that the strategy for resolving the question of poverty in society lies in carrying out a plan that has been reasoned out and in concentrating strength towards a task that has a reasonable hope of success
lie	Verb	1,4,7,2	It was n't long before archeologists were swarming over the site , unearthing an army of terracotta warriors that had lain buried for over 2,000 years .
lie	Verb	5	He has betrayed , he has lied , he has deceived , he has dissembled .
lie	Verb	5	Less than two hours before he lost his presidential powers , he granted pardons to 140 Americans , including Henry Cisneros , former Housing Secretary convicted of lying to the FBI , Roger Clinton , the former President 's half-brother , John Deutch , the former CIA director who pleaded guilty yesterday to mishandling classified materials , Patty Hearst , and Susan M Dougal , a friend of the Clintons who served part of her time in the jail for refusing to testify about them .
lie	Verb	5	Mr. Taler says Edwin Boje also lied about his dealings with the East German Stazi who he also sold timers to .
lie	Verb	5	Just look back at the way they fudged and lied their way through the rescue operation .
lie	Verb	5	He was acquitted by a jury in 1983 , but a panel of judges reopened the case four years later , accusing him of both the original crime and lying about it under oath .
lie	Verb	5	The hearings are stopped when the judge , defense attorneys and prosecutors agree that Coleman lied under oath and is a racist .
lie	Verb	5	If she lied , then that is the obstruction of justice charge .
lie	Verb	5	She lied in order to get it .
lie	Verb	5	It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism .
lie	Verb	5	I knew she was lying .
lie	Verb	5	You see , he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone '' .
lie	Verb	5	Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a `` sweet bawh t'- lah lahk thet '' , but her Herman was getting to be a man , there was no getting around it .
lie	Verb	5	`` I 'm not unhappy '' , I lied , staring at the snow .
lie	Verb	5	`` Yes '' , he lied to shorten the conversation , `` I still have it '' .
lie	Verb	5	[speaker1] and you say that you lied to Richard Cohen the Washington Post columnist and your colleague ah who wanted to write a column this was twenty years ago   about   saying that he thought Felt was Deep Throat /.
lie	Verb	5	[Bob_Woodward] I could n't stop him without   lying   /.
lie	Verb	5	[Bob_Woodward] I lied /.
lie	Verb	5	[Bob_Woodward] and he said well of course you lied /.
lie	Verb	5	[Ray_Kelly] Oh I 've been lied to before /.
lie	Verb	5	[Dan_Abrams]   But   but the problem Gail Abramson is it is a crime   if the --   if the bar manager lied to the authorities about what happened led them on a wild goose chase /.
lie	Verb	5	[Chris_Matthews]   Is n't it --   [Chris_Matthews] is n't   it   that his fault Jose   if he lie --   [Chris_Matthews] if he said he never ever used steroids [Chris_Matthews] then he tests positive . [Chris_Matthews] And then he says oh that 's from a previous drug use /.
lie	Verb	5	[Chris_Matthews] What difference does it make whether he lied before and was using before and is found out now or he 's been using lately /?
lie	Verb	5	[Tim_Russert] For thirteen years the North Korean dictatorship has lied and hunkered down and continued to build nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles /.
lie	Verb	5	The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government `` violated norms of behavior '' in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station .
lie	Verb	5	We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change .
lie	Verb	5	No , we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him , enlisting it in the service of private gain , just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth , play disingenuous games about their activities or , to steal a phrase , make public service a private trough .
lie	Verb	1	' Why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ?
lie	Verb	1	Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen .
note	Noun	1,7	Ah someday when my notes on this are released you will see Supreme Court justices saying come in the back door /.  
note	Noun	1,7	She does n't recall who that source was looking at her notes and seeing the uh notation Valerie Flame /.  
note	Noun	1,7	After all these notes were just a few weeks old when um the Valerie Plame Bob Novak column appeared and when the whole Washington and the whole journalistic community was talking about it /.  
note	Noun	1,7	and she would n't share her notes with them although they 've been turned over to the special prosecutor /.  
note	Noun	1,7	She would n't share her notes with her colleagues who were writing the story /.  
note	Noun	1,7	The story their story says that Bill Keller and Arthur Sulzberger did not press Judy Miller about her conversations with Libby or ask to see her notes while they were defending her /.  
note	Noun	1,7	Her notes begin with the test objective .  
note	Noun	1,7	Dr. Taha 's notes do not tell us how far she eventually progressed in her biological weapons testing .  
note	Noun	1,7	A cruise ship is being searched off the Hawaii Coast after two notes threatening terrorist attack were found on board .  
note	Noun	1,7	Royal Caribbean cruise ship Legend of the Sea diverted to Honolulu when the notes were found on board yesterday .  
note	Noun	1,7	We 're all getting this note in , this news in from the speech that the Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge is expected to be delivering at the international press club around 1:00 Eastern at the top of the hour .  
note	Noun	1,7	The President - elect writes thank - you notes and fields phone calls from leaders among them Tony Blair .  
note	Noun	1,7	In the pocket of one of the crew , a handwritten note , the dying words of a sailor who was trapped alive in the sunken sub .  
note	Noun	1,7	A note scribbled by an officer on the Russian nuclear submarine Kursk has revealed that at least 23 of its 118 crewmembers survived the explosions which sank the vessel .  
note	Noun	1,7	The note was found in the pocket of Lieutenant Dimitri Kolesnikov whose body was one of the first to be recovered the explosions that shattered the submarine .  
note	Noun	1,7	Lieutenant Kolesnikov 's note indicates some crewmembers survived for several hours .  
note	Noun	7	Before we get to the book a couple comments on matters of note /.  
observe	Verb	3,4	The clashes occurred as the Palestinian leadership issued orders to observe the troops .
observe	Verb	3,4	He -- after landing and taking a brief tour of part of the ship , he also went out on to the flight deck and observed some of the flight operations of some of the F aircraft that are now leaving these aircraft , headed to Lamore after this 10 - month long deployment .
observe	Verb	3,4	There were small pockets of resistance in the area , two , three man groups who had AKs and possibly RPGs and what not and our job was to just observe forward and make sure no one was waiting to ambush the AVs or the tanks and I was on a metal roof and I stepped --
observe	Verb	3,4	President Khatami is in Beirut and what is observed here is very closely watched , what kind of words he 'll utter when he speaks to this crowd .
observe	Verb	3,4	It would be wise for her to take a little time maybe to just observe things and get used to the process and not try to , you know , assert too aggressively her obvious celebrity status .
observe	Verb	3,4	If anyone thought of the John Harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried .
observe	Verb	3,4	Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence .
observe	Verb	3,4	And if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the Trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ?
observe	Verb	3,4	Thus , if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century , we will do well to establish the relationships between folklore , nationalism and imperialism at the outset .
observe	Verb	3,4	He observed the Florentine vase in the hall , the Renoir painting in the library , as well as the long shelves of well-bound volumes ; ; the pattern of the Oriental rug , the delicate cut-glass chandelier .
observe	Verb	3,4	Maybe yes , maybe no , but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building '' .
observe	Verb	3,4	They had come not to admire but to observe .
observe	Verb	3,4	In a kind of shock , the ladies and gentlemen of the committee bent to observe the incredibly copied and brilliantly executed Last Supper on the head of a screw .
observe	Verb	3,4	I could observe the two fans down at the end , but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison .
observe	Verb	3,4	From L'Turu , I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations .
observe	Verb	3,4	[Howard_Kurtz] And going back again to one of your Iraq collumns [Howard_Kurtz] uh you observed the Iraqi military there which after all is supposed to be increasingly shouldering the burden of this conflict /.
observe	Verb	3,4	[Speaker#1] These have become the best spots to observe birds .
observe	Verb	3,4	[Linda_Sharp] and the person who observed them called the police /.
observe	Verb	3,4	[Tim_Russert] they observe that /.
observe	Verb	3,4	Here , today , the Zijin Mountain Astronomical Observatory under China 's Academy of Science , issued the specific forecasted time to observe Shoemaker - Levy 9 comet 's collision with Jupiter from China .
observe	Verb	3,4	This provides a rare opportunity for Chinese astronomers and amateurs to observe this astronomic phenomenon of rare human experience .
observe	Verb	3,4	Astronomy amateurs can observe it with a suitable mini-type astronomical telescope .
observe	Verb	3,4	More than 400 overseas guests will come to visit and observe , including among them an observer delegation from Bangkok , Thailand , the host of the next Far South Sports Meet , an observer delegation from the 1996 US Atlanta Special Olympics Meet , an observer delegation from the 1996 Nagano Winter Special Olympics Meet , and an observer delegation from the 1995 US Special Olympics Meet .
observe	Verb	3,4	With regard to his son 's strategic decisions , however , Yeh just observes and makes suggestions but tries not to interfere .
observe	Verb	3,4	But it is interesting to observe how differences in definitions of beauty have affected exercise preferences .
observe	Verb	3,4	One mountain lover who often encounters snakes on his hiking expeditions describes the hundred - pacer as " cool , calm and collected , " and people who have kept or observed hundred - pacers also say they " do n't lash out blindly . "
observe	Verb	3,4	In the pristine forests are ancient pine forests with species unique to Taiwan , and the deep blue skies attract waves of students to Pinglin to camp out and observe the stars .
observe	Verb	8,9	Other standard safety and security measures were also being observed .
observe	Verb	8,9	Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules .
observe	Verb	8,9	One swallow was all he would have ; ; he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline .
observe	Verb	8,9	Every party concerned should observe it .
observe	Verb	8,9	In a November 28 press release , the Mainland Affairs Council -LRB- MAC -RRB- , the government body in charge of cross-strait affairs , diplomatically stated that it would observe and implement the suggestions of the Advisory Group if and when they become official government policy .
observe	Verb	8,9	The Ministry of Justice has achieved a measure of success so far in its crackdown on black gold , but in order to win public support it has had to stress to investigators the need to observe due process and respect suspects ' rights .
observe	Verb	1	This evening , about 8:45 p.m. , members of my fugitive unit received a telephone call from an informant saying they thought that they had observed the suspect Derrick Lee in the area of Woods Drive and Donald Lee Holland Parkway in southwest Atlanta .
observe	Verb	1	Japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that sardines hauled up in their nets during a tsunami have enormously swollen stomachs ; ; the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms , raised to the surface by the disturbance .
observe	Verb	1	It may be a bit cold when poured ; ; but again , as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt , wine should be served in a large , tulip-shaped glass , which is never filled more than half full .
observe	Verb	1	The liberal-conservative division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups .
observe	Verb	1	As a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history .
observe	Verb	1	This , conjoined with the considerations above , made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact .
observe	Verb	1	I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he 'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there .
observe	Verb	1	As he watched the man sit suddenly , a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was , really , to knock a man off his feet .
observe	Verb	1	Fourteen of the sculptures you took possess properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches .
observe	Verb	1	Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors .
observe	Verb	2	A Confederate observed that the Yankees were : `` thicker than lise on a hen and a dam site ornraier '' .
observe	Verb	2	A fourteen-year-old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that , in her community , religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities -- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious .
observe	Verb	2	`` People automatically assume that I 'm in college '' , a nineteen-year-old machinist observed irritably .
observe	Verb	2	`` As long as I 'm home , I 'll never grow up '' , a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly .
observe	Verb	2	Willard Thorp , in his new book , American Writing In The Twentieth Century , observes , quite validly it seems : `` Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched .
observe	Verb	2	Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal .
observe	Verb	2	In America , Meyer Schapiro observed that , unlike the Mondrian school , Helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art '' .
observe	Verb	2	Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State , and an American President observes sourly that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic '' .
observe	Verb	2	`` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly .
observe	Verb	2	`` You 'd be the one to say '' , he observed , and she found herself liking his approval none too well , but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were `` different '' , since all actions had their own laws .
observe	Verb	2	`` Well -- women and unhappiness go together '' , I observed profoundly , adding , `` You can wager your derriere on that '' .
observe	Verb	2	`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , Moreland observed .
observe	Verb	2	In the torrent of replies that followed , one woman ringer from Solihull observed that `` the average male ringer leaves quite a lot to be desired : badly dressed , decorated with acne and a large beer-belly , frequently unwashed and unbearably flatulent in peals . ''
observe	Verb	2	`` When someone says , ` I 've turned to God , ' everybody lays off , '' observes Frank Mankiewicz , an old Washington hand and former aide to Robert Kennedy .
observe	Verb	2	`` The market acted better , but it was n't a tremendous comeback , '' Mr. Zipper observed .
observe	Verb	2	Ken Ruberg , head of the Republican Mainstream Committee , a group of party moderates , observes : `` The administration finds itself in an ideological cul de sac that it will find it difficult -- if not impossible -- to get itself out of .
observe	Verb	2	Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . ''
observe	Verb	2	As Sen. Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- observed yesterday , `` The Fed avoided a meltdown last time .
observe	Verb	2	The report observed that if economic and banking policies are effective , the economies of the Asian region hopefully would start rising again in 1999 , but they would not be likely to exhibit a large , high-speed , V - shaped rise like that of Mexico and Argentina following the fiscal crisis of 1994 - 1995 .
observe	Verb	2	He observed , " China has already demonstrated that it could conquer poverty and the misery that generations of people have suffered .
observe	Verb	2	CTI acting vice-president Wu Chung-fu observes that the advanced countries still devote substantial efforts to developing textile technologies , and naturally this is something Taiwan should not lightly give up .
observe	Verb	2	William Shang observes that when most Taiwanese firms see something new at an overseas exhibition they will bring back a sample , inspect it under a high-powered microscope to determine the weaving method and have it chemically analyzed to find out the composition of the fibers and finishing chemicals .
observe	Verb	2	As CTI president Yao Hsing-chuan observes , what has enabled Taiwan 's textile industry to survive through the ups and downs of its history is the highly motivated attitude of its entrepreneurs .
observe	Verb	2	BMEC director Johnsee Lee observes that the level of scientific and technical know-how required for biochip production is very high , so that the opportunities for contract manufacture are limited .
observe	Verb	2	 In attitude , Taipei is like a different country from central and southern Taiwan ,  observes Chen Tung-sheng , chairman of NTU 's sociology department , and a member of the Democratic Progressive Party 's brain trust .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	He also thinks the Clinton administration and especially Madeleine Albright pursued anti-Serbian policies .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	He will be faithful to the law , pursuing justice without favor .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	It may be that this is simply a case which is not important on a wider scale for Putin , that he has shown what he needed to show to the Russian public , which is that the system is there , the system is going strong , it is taking care of the state secrets and , you know , the police is doing its job , the Federal Security Service is doing its job , but now that that has been done with , now that we have had a conviction in court he does not see the necessity of pursuing the whole thing any further , and in order to appear magnanimous in the eyes of the Western public opinion , certainly , I guess that those are the reasons which prompted him to move in the direction he has moved .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	The whole purpose of those efforts here in Washington is really to pursue the discussions under the auspices of the United States government with President Clinton .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Still , he says , `` Israel will continue to pursue peace and every path that leads to it . ''
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	It 's a federal suit because the plaintiffs are from out of state but Rhode Island residents are pursuing suits of them .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	As Gore considers his options with his family , advisers say he and the campaign realize they are operating on two distinct and delicate tracts -- legal , which they will pursue to keep options open , and political , which they have to watch carefully as they feel mounting pressure .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	This the therapist may pursue in later questioning .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	It may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; ; my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture -LRB- which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House -RRB- must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Her study of history was persistently pursued .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Simultaneously , he pursued his musical studies at the conservatory , receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony , as well in the violin and piano .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	John Adams took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , Jeremiah Gridley , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	A rich nation can for a time , without noticeable damage to itself , pursue a course of self-indulgence , making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens -- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	It wished to pursue , in the course of this review , questions arising from the body of material already in its possession . ''
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	He went prone on his stomach , the better to pursue his examination .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	It was you that tracked it down anyway , Stevens '' , he pursued strictly .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Pursuing his idea , he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	'' Never mind '' , Arlene had said , after the policeman had left , having pursued the usual unco-operative course of grownups .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	If pictures are taken without permission , [Speaker#2] %pw that is to say , it will at all times be pursued by legal action , a big hassle .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Uh   we decided --   the police department decided   that   that we 're going to pursue charges   on   on the behalf of   /.
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	The policies that we 've pursued are protecting us here at home /.
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Well we are pursuing a very aggressive resolution up in New York at the Security Council /.
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	So obviously we 're going to pursue a very tough very decisive policy over the coming weeks designed to focus the North Koreans on their obligations [Nicholas_Burns] To pressure them to come back to the talks [Nicholas_Burns] But also certainly to provide for our own defense and the defense of our treaty allies in Asia /.
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	One camp which believes that we have to give diplomacy a try and is earnest about pursuing diplomacy with North Korea /.
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	From his new , million-dollar-a-year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	CBS pursues top sports `` to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , '' charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Mr. Goldston , who had been president of Faberge Inc. 's Faberge U.S.A. division before joining Reebok in September 1988 , left in August to pursue other interests .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	And at first , neither the opposition nor the LDP wanted to pursue the issue .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Derek Alun-Jones , Ferranti 's chairman , has said he hoped to pursue legal action against those responsible .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	-LRB- Donald Trinen , an attorney for the penny-brokerage firm , denies the fraud allegations and says the Lyneses were fully apprised that they were pursuing a high-risk investment . -RRB-
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	And as Aeroflot struggles to boost its service standards , upgrade its fleet and pursue commercial opportunities , the Irish aviation industry seems poised to benefit .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Right now they 're pursuing evidence .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Mr. Savoca succeeds William H. Borten , who resigned to pursue personal interests .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	To the extent we lack manpower to staff menial jobs in hospitals , for example , we should raise pay , pursue labor-saving technology , or allow more legal immigration , rather than overpay high school graduates as short-term workers and cause resentment among permanent workers paid lesser amounts to do the same jobs .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	But Justin has n't pursued those charges -LRB- which were without merit , according to Mr. Eslinger , the Sony attorney -RRB- .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	The company said it will continue to pursue a lifting of the suspension .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	He notes that industries in Taiwan always pursue short-term profits , so there is never much interest in technologies which are too forward - looking and can not immediately produce saleable products .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	To pursue this goal he quit his job , moved to the suburbs of Kuishan in Taoyuan County , and began to spend 18 hours a day studying the problem .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Male beauty is tending toward youth and gender neutrality , and those pursuing beauty are mainly young .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	If the Chinese Communists conclude that Taiwan 's leadership has dropped its insistence on formal independence only to pursue a policy that includes de facto independence as its aim , Chou argued that this will introduce a note of uncertainty into the relationship .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	In Taiwan , in recent years the Ministry of Economic Affairs , the National Science Council and the National Health Research Institutes have been strongly pursuing " biochip " research programs .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Vice president Wang Shin-hwan states that the company successfully applied to the Ministry of Economic Affairs for funding to help it pursue a development program for enterovirus detection chips and test technology .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	If you are going to pursue acquisitions , you have to evaluate assets .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Stressing children 's rights is one way to change that mentality , and there is basically nothing un-Asian about using respect and enlightenment to pursue the very best outcome .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	What dreams can I pursue ?
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	When facing problems at work in Taiwan , many people decide to change careers or even to pursue their fortunes in mainland China or Southeast Asia .
pursue	Verb	1,3,4	Pursuing some dream of really making it big , many men use up their savings , leaving their wives as the sole source of family support and suffering loneliness in a foreign land .
pursue	Verb	2	Beaten , bruised and exhausted , he pursues the elusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals , always alone , always despised .
pursue	Verb	2	They were pursuing him .
pursue	Verb	2	The manservant Devol and his mistress , Delphine Lalaurie , were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion .
pursue	Verb	2	Theresa had seen him through the right college , into the right fraternity , and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls , safely married to the right sort , however much in the early years of that match his wife , Anne , had not seemed to understand poor George .
pursue	Verb	2	The foregoing , aided by several clues I 'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless .
pursue	Verb	2	[Anderson_Cooper] And he started to pursue them /.
pursue	Verb	2	Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual-property task force and special enforcement teams of police officers and prosecutors trained to pursue movie and book pirates .
relax	Verb	1,4	We happen to be at a very nice spot by the beach where this is a chance for people to get away from CNN coverage , everything , and kind of relax .
relax	Verb	1,4	Al Gore , in a deliberate attempt to publicly relax , in the midst of tension of the highest order .
relax	Verb	1,4	On Fridays , the day when many Persians relax with poetry , talk , and a samovar , people do not , it is true , stream into Chehel Sotun -- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas 2 , in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley , which are smaller , more humble copies of the former .
relax	Verb	1,4	As he talked about himself , time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe , Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled .
relax	Verb	1,4	Even so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; ; the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax .
relax	Verb	1,4	The stern face would relax , the black-clad arms would embrace him , `` My son '' ! !
relax	Verb	1,4	The only way to find things is to relax '' .
relax	Verb	1,4	On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast .
relax	Verb	1,4	That always relaxes me .
relax	Verb	1,4	But she sighed and her face relaxed .
relax	Verb	1,4	Lucy drew out the chair and sat down ; ; she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her .
relax	Verb	1,4	I never liked going straight into an examination with patients -- it relaxes them , I 've always thought , to chat first .
relax	Verb	1,4	He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father , no matter the subject .
relax	Verb	1,4	As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks .
relax	Verb	1,4	[Dan_Simon] We found the retired couple relaxing on their porch /.
relax	Verb	1,4	[Dan_Abrams] and I know that   there was a --   the goal was to give a lot of people some time off uh right after this happened in order to allow them   to   to get their wits back to be able to relax a little bit /.
relax	Verb	1,4	Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football -LRB- meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films -RRB- .
relax	Verb	1,4	Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : `` Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole .
relax	Verb	1,4	He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family and creating topiary , or garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal .
relax	Verb	1,4	`` I do n't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now , '' he said .
relax	Verb	1,4	I wonder when we 'll be able to relax .
relax	Verb	1,4	On the contrary , office rubdowns usually take place in dimly lighted conference rooms , where stressed-out employees relax in specially designed chairs , fully clothed .
relax	Verb	1,4	Instead , we now spend the time relaxing at home , doing whatever we fancy , be it sitting quietly and reading , listening to music , going on an outing , or talking about the ups and downs of the past year .
relax	Verb	1,4	Relax dudes
relax	Verb	1,4	For the first time in her life , she was able to relax a bit , then five years ago the government started providing a monthly pension of NT$ 3,000 .
relax	Verb	1,4	 Things used in aroma-therapy like lavender and sandalwood definitely help people relax and sleep better , and can relieve tension and headaches ,  says Dr. Ho .
relax	Verb	1,4	 But ,  he cautions , " the user has to put him - or herself in the proper frame of mind to relax , or else the effect will be largely cancelled out . "
relax	Verb	1,4	But gradually she began to learn to relax and let go .
relax	Verb	2	She learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of contracting them to repel -- the entering object .
relax	Verb	2	Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration .
relax	Verb	2	The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her , unconsciously , to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it .
relax	Verb	2	For a split second , Nick relaxed his grip and Poet 's slippery body spun completely around before Nick could stop him , holding him now from the rear .
relax	Verb	2	By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone .
relax	Verb	2	But other analysts contend that while the Fed 's move to loosen credit has n't been aggressive , it nevertheless sends a clear signal that , at least for now , the Fed has relaxed its grip on credit .
relax	Verb	7,8	Iowa 's governor is now looking to follow Postville 's example , relaxing immigration quotas .
relax	Verb	7,8	Secondly , 'm directing the Secretary to relax sanctions on American countries and citizens conducting business in Iraq that contributed to humanitarian reconstruction .
relax	Verb	7,8	The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December .
relax	Verb	7,8	After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
relax	Verb	7,8	He contended that the Fed wo n't ease rates further , but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany .
relax	Verb	7,8	The powerful Democrat had first wanted to add language relaxing environmental restrictions on two mills on the Hamakua coast that are threatening to close .
relax	Verb	7,8	Ford is willing to bid for 100 % of Jaguar 's shares if both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely .
relax	Verb	7,8	Analysts say Fed policy makers have been wary of relaxing credit too much because they were still uncertain about the level of inflation in the economy .
relax	Verb	7,8	Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit .
relax	Verb	7,8	The industry had shown signs of recovery this summer , after the central bank began to relax its clamp on credit , allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year .
relax	Verb	7,8	The principle of " invigorating large enterprises while relaxing control over small ones " has been strengthened .
relax	Verb	7,8	At the same time , various places have quickened steps of relaxing control over small enterprises .
relax	Verb	7,8	At the same time , the Chinese side also hopes the American side will relax restrictions over the export of Chinese high-tech products , gradually jointly realizing a trade balance between the two countries using positive methods , to create conditions for the healthy and stable development of Sino-American economy and trade relations .
relax	Verb	7,8	The Chinese side hopes that each party concerned continues to make constructive efforts to relax the situation on the Korean peninsula .
relax	Verb	7,8	And according to economics minister Lin Hsin-yi , the government recognizes that the " go slow " policy needs to be relaxed , and will give a more thorough accounting of this before the end of the year .
relax	Verb	7,8	According to the agreement , restrictions on those seeking association membership and sub-committee posts will be relaxed , but the rules will be tightened for those running for the posts of director or general secretary , excluding or removing from office anyone who is in default for more than a year on loans from these and other such financial organizations .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1	But then , for the rest of the state , some counties have n't separated the undervotes from the rest of the ballots .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1	They flew in a computer consultant to install a program to separate the ballots .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The United Nations in East Timor has issued the first indictments of suspects in the atrocities committed during the territory 's 1999 vote to separate from Indonesia .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Elements of the Indonesian military are believed to have organized and supported anti-independence militias and have seized control of East Timor after separated from Indonesia in a UN sponsored ballot .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	However , for example , in France the strict machinery of justice is separated from the constitutional court , which is a separate body , but yes there also the members are appointed by the President and therefore there also , the members of the Coseque Constitutionalle are somewhat open to criticism that the decisions are often more motivated by politics than they are by the law .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The two candidates separated by only 225 votes , with 65 out of 67 counties reporting .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	As was noted earlier , it is important that in valid , objective study of this sort of communication , the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium 's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more -LRB- because of their great length -RRB- , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by spandrels of blue and yellow tile .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	`` Your wife just called '' , she said , separating one word from another , exactly like a child .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	It 's inevitable in this case , for the couple will be separated for , at the least , forty years .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town , its character was wholly foreign to me .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it did n't close in before they returned .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	He knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	I assumed Alma would get me there , but in the confusion of the meeting breaking up , we were separated .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	In fact , it was not until the King of Spain had visited at Pickfair that Mary and Doug were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the hoi-polloi .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	[Linda_Hamilton] And so it 's hard to separate you know what was the reality for me /.
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	[Liu_jiangyong] That is , in fact , I now feel that he , er , is somewhat adopting a China policy that separates politics from economy .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	[Dan_Abrams] There is no disaster that has had the amount of trauma for a department that this has where so many police officers have lost homes been separated from their families had loved ones living in other places with no idea uh when they will return /.
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	[Chris_Matthews] the Democrats who voted against Bolton and denied him an up or down vote in the Senate were n't they just in a certain way trying to separate themselves from having voted for the war /?
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	As a result of the adhesive problem on the Ford Escort subcompacts , windshields may easily separate from the car during frontal impact , the U.S. auto maker said .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The Washington , D.C. , think tank recommends that the courts adopt different `` tracks '' for different types of civil cases in order to separate the handling of highly complex suits from simpler ones .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully accountable for pollution control .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	State engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , wrenched and separated from the double-decker roadbed , that was responsible for the collapse .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	`` We had just finished phase two '' of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock , a state DOT engineer said .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	But traders said the junk bond market increasingly is separating into a top-tier group , in which trades can be executed easily , and a larger group of lower-quality bonds in which liquidity -- or the ability to trade without too much difficulty -- has steadily deteriorated this year .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Suffice it to say that if this were a New York Yankees-Mets series , or one between the Chicago Cubs and White Sox -LRB- hey , it 's possible -RRB- , you 'd need uniformed police in every other seat to separate opposing fans , and only the suicidal would bifurcate their bonnets .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	That system is designed to separate computer-generated program trades from all other trades to help exchange officials resolve order imbalances in individual stocks .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The development of countries cannot be separated from the region , and that of the region cannot be separated from the globe .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The development of countries cannot be separated from the region , and that of the region cannot be separated from the globe .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	FAW , through corporate restructuring , has separated out some original specialized accessory factories into automobile accessory production enterprises that have definite influences at home .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	In recalling the great achievements made in the development of village and township enterprises , he pointed out , this could not be separated from the strengthening of ideology and political work of the Party in village and township enterprises .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	More than 20 people from Wenzhou 's Education Committee Organization , offices and cadres separated into 7 groups to go to such places as Yueqing , Ouhai , Dongtou , Pingyang , etc. to help finish restoring the school and the school opening preparation work .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Peres said : " China and Israel are at the two ends of Asia , separated by ' ten thousand crags and torrents . '
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	The image , with its two ends towering , a sunken middle section , and the lower right part protruding , looks like a rooster craning and crowing with its neck stretched and chest thrown out ; on the side of the " rooster 's " belly is the long and narrow " Taiwan Island " , which is separated by " straits " ; under the claw of the " rooster " is the round " Hainan Island " .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Each development step of handicapped sports cannot be separated from the concern and support of the Party and the government .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Although it has been more than ten years since Huang 's last collection of fiction , and in spite of the fact that 37 years separate " Cheng-tsai Gets off the Bus " and " Ticket Window , " there is something at the core of Huang 's fiction which has not changed .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	In the past , Huang 's " generation gap " separated him from the people he was writing about - people of his grandparents ' generation , two generations removed from his own .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1,9	Starting in July of this year , most Taipei residents , who identify themselves as being environmentally conscious , have complied and now separate their garbage .
separate	Verb	12	When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen 's hand to help towards a layette .
separate	Verb	12	Separating , they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars .
separate	Verb	12	In the 1980s the three-legged toad managed to separate from Liu Hai .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1	Her first film after graduating was the 1988 work The Other Half and the Other Half , which explored the uncomfortable problem of spouses being separated by national boundaries , a familiar situation in Hong Kong , which is a cradle of emigration .
separate	Verb	12,7,5,8,1	He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Are they trying to swim to shore .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	They were swimming toward the boat .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	To swim is true , and to sink is true .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	But where do people go swimming in Paris ? ?
swim	Verb	1,5,3	But if he has time to go swimming , he had time to be with us '' .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	`` Warm enough to swim -- real Indian summer .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Brassnose , Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	He and his safety man , Herr Schaffner , swam up to the boarding ladder together .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	There was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel , but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a frog .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Dr. Fortman says swimming would help your leg .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	When you get back I 'll probly be swimming better than Victoria .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Or , what was worse , she prayed for him out loud at bedtime : `` Please , Lord Gord , please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised '' .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	He daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Do n't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	I was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better , love my woman better .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	While a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down , a clear part sorted over recent events , among them my only positive act in a long time .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Remember elephants can swim everybody.
swim	Verb	1,5,3	I do n't know if he 's walking or swimming.
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Pictures of rusted oil drums swim into focus , and the female voice purrs , `` That hazardous waste on his -LCB- Mr. Courter 's -RCB- property -- the neighbors are suing for consumer fraud . ''
swim	Verb	1,5,3	`` People say they swim , and that may mean they 've been to the beach this year , '' says Krys Spain , research specialist for the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	`` That 's good news , because we all swim in this water . ''
swim	Verb	1,5,3	Information cells swim around in it , and can divide , recombine , reproduce , and copy themselves without limit , opening up entirely new possibilities for the accumulation and application of knowledge .
swim	Verb	1,5,3	In middle age , only if you swim against the current and courageously meet and create challenges will you leave this life without regrets .
swim	Verb	2	It 's going to be bitterly cold , and there is going to be enormous danger from jagged pieces of metal which could be swimming around in the submarine .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The chief prosecutor at the International War Crimes Tribunal has demanded the new Yugoslav President hand Slobodan Milosevic over to face trial for war crimes , but the U.S. , which has spent enormous amounts of time and energy fighting Milosevic , seems more willing to wait tonight .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The man in this house would have had plenty of time to signal two bombers waiting with the boat across the bay .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The Sony Corporation hopes those people who waited in line are the people who will lead Sony into domination of all home entertainment .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The game is worth waiting for , because it is the entertainment system of the future .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They say they are still waiting to hear if the leaders will be responsive to unspecified US preconditions for such a trip , but they say no decision has been made to go despite an Israeli television report to the contrary .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I would say both , in fact , because the first play that he wrote that made him famous was a play that dates from 1981 , which was actually called ` Bus Stop ' , which many people said was based on the play or had resonances from Beckett 's play ` Waiting for Godot ' and it concerned a number of Chinese people from different walks of life who were standing at a bus stop waiting for a bus that never came .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I would say both , in fact , because the first play that he wrote that made him famous was a play that dates from 1981 , which was actually called ` Bus Stop ' , which many people said was based on the play or had resonances from Beckett 's play ` Waiting for Godot ' and it concerned a number of Chinese people from different walks of life who were standing at a bus stop waiting for a bus that never came .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait a minute , you said that on your table at the end .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	It 's quite a daunting feeling to think that , you know , of hundreds and millions of people , you know , in this case our vote counts , although it does n't count more than any other citizen 's vote , in this particular moment it counts more than everybody else 's , because that 's what they are waiting for .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He says Israel is waiting for action .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So in the end , Brian , I think official the official numbers will be the numbers that apply but we 'll have to wait and see when all 67 are counted by both .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	President Clinton is waiting for Israeli and Palestinian leaders to respond to his latest peace initiative .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Meantime , the administration could n't wait to put a positive spin on the nation 's unemployment rate , which stayed at a 30 - year low .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Investors on Wall Street are waiting for the word from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on interest rates .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Jessica Lynch says she can not wait to get home to West Virginia .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	For three weeks she 's watched and waited for some news .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Today is date she was waiting for .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We were waiting for the Iraqi refugees to show off .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Further down the road , these men wait for a ride .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Right now we 're also waiting to hear from the President at the White House .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Typical perfect day in San Diego waiting for these men and women to come home .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Some of these ladies and gentlemen are going to be saying hello to their families , standing on the side of the ship , ca n't wait to get off there .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	There were small pockets of resistance in the area , two , three man groups who had AKs and possibly RPGs and what not and our job was to just observe forward and make sure no one was waiting to ambush the AVs or the tanks and I was on a metal roof and I stepped --
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Once she was cleared , he made O'Conner wait for a minimum .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Yesterday a silent Dee Ana Laney waited as the judge read the charges against her , capital murder and aggravated assault .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The ship was sinking by the second , and as the waves pounded against them , waiting for help was their only option .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Of course everyone is more or less waiting for the Fed decision on interest rates .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Well , we will wait for the report .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The chilling account raises new questions and criticism of the Russian Navy , which waited several days before attempting to launch a rescue mission , but U.S. Navy officials here at the Pentagon believe any rescue mission would have failed , that there was really no hope for those 23 survivors .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	9:00 this morning at New York 's La Guardia Airport , the weather is perfect , but already there are delays , a long line waiting to take off .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	DeLay also said he 's been waiting for 22 years for a Republican House and a White House and he promised the GOP agenda would get through , including a ban on late-term abortions .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After 12 years of waiting and a nine - month trial , family members of some of the victims of Pan Am Flight 103 come to this special Scottish courthouse in the Netherlands one last time to hear the verdict against two Libyan defendants charged with murder .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They 're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Like hell he 'd wait -- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	No believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors , the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months , vainly hoping to see Farouk .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Pulley had set her up at the Semiramis Hotel , but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal pimp had no key .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	In other cases , in view of present-day knowledge of head growth , orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	There at the river 's edge waited one Henry Greene , whom Hudson listed as a `` clerk '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend , where the Discovery picked him up .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After all , the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen 's comprehension and control .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	And contrary to what has been said recently , we did not wait for `` outside pressures '' and `` world opinion '' to bring down that Communist government ; ; we moved decisively to effect an Anti-Communist coup d'etat .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	However much football has been over-emphasized , the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard , so , while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888 , Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He was waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	In June , 1940 , Sergeant Helion , with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle , was sketching the hills south of the Loire River , when the war suddenly rolled in upon him .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I fled , however , not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word `` things '' -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself -LRB- despite , I may now say , the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle , yes , on principle , and in cold blood -RRB- because I was resolved , as a modern woman , not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We 'll wait till you 're stronger and then talk about it '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Tonight a group of men , tomorrow night he himself , would go out there somewhere and wait .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Will you please wait in here .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Lawrence was waiting for Bill Boxell .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Aggie might fly into a closet , shut the door and bury her head in the clothes ; ; he dared to wait for the lightning .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Now he heard it , fully ; ; `` bout takin his place '' He listened , waited , nothing happened .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I was drunk with excitement and the smell of gunpowder that came floating down from the road , and the fact that I was not afraid now , but only waiting to know what to do next .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He waited until they were inside the elevator and then said : `` Now what do we do '' ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered , they had gone sight-seeing .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Sposato could n't wait to get me hired .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	When the telephone rang on the day after Hino went down to the village , Rector had a hunch it would be Hino with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return , for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rector 's office rarely rang unless it was important .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Then Rector , attired in his best blue serge suit , sat in a chair out on the lawn , in the shade of a tree , smoking a cigarette and waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He would remain in the tent , waiting impatiently , occupied by some trivial task .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	An officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but wo n't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but wo n't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` I 've never done this before '' , they always said , waiting for the elevator in the hotel corridor .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting , ready , for the two of them to run up her sails .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	She had begun to turn back toward the house , but his look caught her and she stood still , waiting there for what his expression indicated would be a serious word of farewell .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	She stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The doctor stood about , waiting for Alex to dress , with a show of impatience , and soon they were moving , as quietly as could be , through the still-dark hallways , past the bedroom of the patronne , and so into the street .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They waited three minutes and then crept out on tip-toe ; ; the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` That 's a long time , waiting '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Through the door , he had seen Mr. Jack walking around , waiting for Miss Ada .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging , curdling crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I knew that I 'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` Mr. Wycoff 's car is waiting for you at the east entrance '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer , then slipped around the back of the car with license number JYM 114 , attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself inconspicuous , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I found a parking place half a block away , sat in the car and waited .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Marty smiled at Squire pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He stumbled to the middle of the road and simply stood there , waiting for them , a perfect target .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Why did n't you wait at the Burch house ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait a minute , Mike .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	As soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris , come on around to the lounge where I 'll be waiting '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I 'll be waiting for you there '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Mickey paused with him , waiting , no longer impatient , trying now to think it out , do a little planning .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Mickey waited with slack arms .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here , had followed him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I ca n't wait no two weeks '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	She 'd be smart about it , get him to give it to her in little bills so 's nobody would suspect -- maybe could n't get it until Monday account of that , the banks -- But that was n't really long to wait .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Not when she 'd waited so long already .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Now wait a minute , she told herself , think about it ; ; Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Lolotte held a patch of leather , Rev steadied something , a tiny brad , waiting for George 's poised hammer .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He had lived all his life waiting for her .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	It was in the kitchen , as she was watching the kettle , waiting for the water to boil , that he had grabbed for her .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We waited till he had finished laughing , and that gave us a few moments for taking stock of him .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Lot of people waiting to see you , though '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I can hardly wait '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Andy said , `` Well , I guess we ca n't wait any longer .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Dad , wait '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	`` Then I 'd better wait until five '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur ; ; he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait a minute .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Griffith said , `` Hoag told me to tell you '' -- he waited until they were close ; ; it was hideously embarrassing -- `` not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Where was Muller waiting with the rifle ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	With a cop patrolling the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all , and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La Guardia Airport .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Gun waited for Killpath to sit down behind the desk near the window .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Gun waited .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Still , I wanted to get this over with , had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I waited a few minutes and she sat up .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Alec waited a moment , on guard .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	When he finally got the coughing under control , he realized that Pete -LRB- all he gave was his first name -RRB- was still waiting for an answer -- he did n't even seem to wink as he continued to stare .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He waited eagerly .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Charlie was waiting , leaning against a building front .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But we could wait all right ; ; there was no hurry .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	You 'd have to wait till Seaton 's back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with Doris to have her have an alibi for D-night .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Hal waited : Macneff paced some more , frowning .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	There was nothing he could do but wait .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Reaching the house ahead of them , he waited with his Winchester in his hands .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait until my shot .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait for the charge ! !
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Again we waited for Montero .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He watched the girl until she had gone into the trees , and waited until he could n't hear the sound of her horse any longer , then went up to where the children were sleeping .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Squatting , as if waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Having nothing else to do except wait for my forms to be processed , I gave myself over to speculations concerning the hall itself .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They 'll be there waiting for you .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Silence stood in front of her , waiting , and in back of her , blocking her retreat .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He waited at the car side for a moment , looking down at her expectantly .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time , just waiting to catch him out of line .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait a little while .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	How long should I wait ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The rest of you wait here .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He and Hogan waited by the door , one to either side .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Curt moved over beside the door and waited .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug , placed the chamber pot beside her feet , and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The three men stepped out to the side to wait for Captain Clemens ' signal .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Jackson recruited his critters , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Captain Clemens ' signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But worth waiting for .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	You might as well wait here while I 'm gone , so you can use my shower if you 'd like .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another city-wide , joyous celebration with romance in the air ; ; and , when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	It was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes , cover their faces with masks and go adventuring .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my Uncle 's indisposition .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Smiling , she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Thirty minutes later , the outrigger grated on sand and other girls , waiting on shore , rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He waited awhile before he said , Roy , you know your decompression table , don't you ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He waited in his squat , gripping the hair .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	When he awoke in the mornings , she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After a while , Kitty murmured something to Cappy , and he held her close , answering , " We 'll just have to wait till we pull into Philly , honey " .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They kept him alive , waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait for me , Laban , I 'll be dressed in half a second ! !
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Just wait till she saw the Mare 's foal .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Dolly Engisch was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I waited .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Together we waited in her car until the hearse moved out and we followed it down into the heavy traffic of New Jersey .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Pausing , he waited for her to turn , to ask a question .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	And he waited for her to say , " Oh , no , I can do it , Sam " .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Then he fled , not waiting to see if she minded him or took notice of his cry .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Elsewhere others heard and stopped and waited , the women peering from their lodges then gathering in small , curious clusters .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	For a while the young men waited outside the lodge of TuHulHulZote , glorying in his harsh language as he talked with himself .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I 'll just wait for you here .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	A row of little hangers waited for a child 's clothes in the neatly empty closet ; ; since Myra had always put most of Greg 's money on her own back , Lucy suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	You just wait , Dad .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait and see , Dad '' .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Linda would have to wait , she knew .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After I looked in at Francie , I went into the living room and waited .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	" I got fired yesterday for not attending to business " -- Old Mr. Thom himself had stopped at the service station for a grease job , Wally confessed , and could n't get one because there were cars on the pits waiting to be repaired .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best . ''
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms , waiting for the fire in his back to subside , and used generous quantities of the hand lotion .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The boy waited at the corner , with the jar of water held up to me in his hands , and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up , as he would smile on any other day .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute , thinking he would get nervous .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	While he waited in the living room .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Ca n't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles '' ? ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	At the mouth of the mine , the people who had come up first did n't leave , they stayed right there , enduring the aftershocks , and they waited right through to past 8:00 a.m. .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Jia Bangyou came up , took a look at the crowd , all waiting there quietly , and he was very moved at that time .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	ay after day and year after year , they long for love in loneliness and wait for family affection in defect .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They waited too late to make the decision /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	and   they   you have to wait for the other letters /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	There waiting hundreds of villagers /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I 'm having like a panic attack waiting to be on television /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Can't wait /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	and the question would be why do n't they both wait until the hearing /?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But   I think that there 's --   I think both Senators are I think exactly right to say we 're going to wait and hold our positions /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We are not going to wait for ages until we uh uh get ready for all his crimes because if you wait for all his crimes probably we 'll wait all our life uh um um because his crimes are innumerable /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We are not going to wait for ages until we uh uh get ready for all his crimes because if you wait for all his crimes probably we 'll wait all our life uh um um because his crimes are innumerable /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We are not going to wait for ages until we uh uh get ready for all his crimes because if you wait for all his crimes probably we 'll wait all our life uh um um because his crimes are innumerable /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So ah let 's wait and see /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	All right we 'll wait and see /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Why did it wait until she sat in jail for all that time before she actually took up on it /?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	And there 's so much fatigue that we do n't sit back and say wait a minute /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	And I think it is a measure of how much we 've kind of lost been numbed by all of this that we do n't sit back and say wow wait a minute /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait a second   /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	wait a second   /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Like a lion with its mouth wide open , towering and rugged Shi'nao Mountain was constantly waiting for any invaders who dared come close .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	For cutting electrical wires , the militiamen in the village were waiting for the troops to come ,  
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So are you saying that the authorities   in   uh looked into this guy 's story early on and they kind of pooh-poohed it and then EquuSearch came in a couple weeks later and said wait a sec , wait a sec , let 's give this guy a shot here and they followed up on it /?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So are you saying that the authorities   in   uh looked into this guy 's story early on and they kind of pooh-poohed it and then EquuSearch came in a couple weeks later and said wait a sec , wait a sec , let 's give this guy a shot here and they followed up on it /?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	So   that must be their --   that must be their spot where they wait while Joran is working /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	and that there 'll be additional arrests in this matter from uh parties and individuals that   waited   we already know that are possibly involved in   this   this disappearance /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Court had the final laugh though making the guy wait at court until every   was counted offsite at a bank /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	it was um you know rather than sitting around waiting for a phone call or waiting for her to call us or wondering why she had n't called her mother or I /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	it was um you know rather than sitting around waiting for a phone call or waiting for her to call us or wondering why she had n't called her mother or I /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But   it   wait /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	wait /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I think he 's waiting to see   if there 's a moment   if there 's a moment /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I think he 's waiting to see whether John McCain can make the distance /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Still waiting on they say plenty more evidence that 's undergoing tests /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Wait Gail /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Please have the Secret Service wait outside /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Are they waiting to see who wins or what /?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Um the White House is hanging back waiting to see   what   what comes   out of th- --   out of the smoke /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	but the point is he said look , wait a minute /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	so wait a second /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Andrea wait /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	And what   I will wait till after she wins for the Senate to decide what to do /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Well wait a second /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I will not wait on events while dangers gather /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	and they 're going to wait you out /.
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Some analysts are concerned , however , that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan , one floor below the offices of '' 60 Minutes , '' the most successful prime-time news program ever , actors wait in the reception area to audition for '' Saturday Night With Connie Chung . ''
wait	Verb	1,2,3	After 11:30 a.m. or so '' we have them standing and waiting , '' she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special -LRB- grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But drivers in the U.S. must wait : The Japanese , for now , are keeping active suspension for domestic use only .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' Everyone is waiting to see if deals can be done at sensible prices and if money is available , '' said Jack Nusbaum , co-chairman of Willkie Farr .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But some analysts , particularly conservative legal scholars , have urged Mr. Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' People are waiting for -LCB- new -RCB- factory giveaways , '' said Ben Kaye , sales manager of Bob Brest Auto World in Lynn , Mass. , whose sales are slow .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	In June , farmers held onto meat , milk and grain , waiting for July 's usual state-directed price rises .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	I am waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	He said , '' Possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the -LRB- quarterly -RRB- refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We ca n't afford to wait . ''
wait	Verb	1,2,3	About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited forlornly for buses yesterday .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Yesterday , she was still waiting at a bus stop after three hours , trying to transfer to a bus going to the financial district .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Brokers clutching thick folders stand in lines , waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it was waiting to see U.S. Memories ' business plan .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Some traders were thought to be waiting for the auto sales report , which will be released today .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Developing countries such as India , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , around 14.75 cents , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range , around 13.50 cents .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' Just wait for that tap-tap , that thump-thump .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' Everyone is waiting for GNP , '' says Walter Simon , an assistant treasurer with Bank Julius Baer & Co .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' It 's better to wait . ''
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Adm. Goupil said the navy ca n't wait until 1998 , when the naval Rafale becomes available , to replace its obsolete fleet of American-made Crusaders , used since the 1950s to protect carriers from attack .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . ''
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as '' being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . ''
wait	Verb	1,2,3	In recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Just Wait Until You 're a Bit Older
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They need only position themselves near a company 's satellite dish and wait .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' We urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation , '' says Mr. Verwoerd .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion -LRB- much of it in Washington -RRB- , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	'' I waited to make sure all the program trades had kicked through , '' he said .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The outlook '' looks shaky because we 're still waiting '' for mutual funds , in particular , to dump some of their junk bond holdings to pay off redemptions by individual investors , says King Penniman , senior vice president at McCarthy , Crisanti & Maffei , an investment arm of Xerox Financial Services .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Those looking for real-estate bargains in distressed metropolitan areas should lock in leases or buy now ; those looking in healthy metropolitan areas should take a short-term -LRB- three-year -RRB- lease and wait for the bargains ahead .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	In response to this , Pudong is not simply adopting an approach of " work for a short time and then draw up laws and regulations only after waiting until experience has been accumulated . "
wait	Verb	1,2,3	In the lower picture : the youth medical staff of Wuxi sanitation system are waiting to donate blood .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	When talking about the relationship between the Bosnia - Herzegovina Serbs and Yugoslavia , Krajisnik said that " the policy of western countries is to split the Serbs , and they have been waiting for this day for a long time " , but " our aim is to unite all the Serbs " .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Nowadays there 's no need to wait for New Year - the pudding can be sampled throughout the year at Hong Kong - style dimsum restaurants or bought readymade in the market .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	 He 's not clear enough ,  says Ting , who opines that Chen thinks that he can wait until he 's elected before he decides how much money to spend .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	They made a lot of noise ahead of the election trying to sway votes , but once the election was over they backpedaled quickly with the simple statement , " We 'll wait and see what they say and do . "
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We 'll just have to wait and see . "
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Unique investment opportunities like these are waiting to be taken up by alert entrepreneurs .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Observers at home and around the world were waiting and wondering - would he address the " one China " issue ?
wait	Verb	1,2,3	We do not need to wait further because there is a new opportunity now for the two sides to create an era of reconciliation together .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The wait for admission has sometimes taken two to three hours , but the crowds are likely to grow gradually smaller with time , so it might be a good idea to wait a few weeks before heading to the museum .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The lonely fishing boats are waiting for the Tanshui - Pali ferry to pass by and say hello .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Though he had no news of me whatsoever , he guessed correctly that I would n't wait in the rear area with the other military families , and would n't go back to my parents ' home either .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Not daring to anger her , the zoo staff waited for her maternal instincts to subside somewhat before removing the eggs .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	Maintain an unhurried frame of mind and peacefully wait for opportunities to present themselves .
wait	Verb	1,2,3	The tea growers straighten their backs , throwing themselves into the tea processing , and wait for their sons and grandsons to come home and enjoy a cup of fine tea with them .
wait	Verb	4	The place was n't particularly busy at that time of night , and the girl who was waiting on me , who was clothed in the tightest-fitting pair of slacks I had ever seen on a woman and a sweater that showed everything there was -- and there was lots of it -- wanted to be sociable .
wait	Verb	4	And , Here , I 'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I do n't bother with it , see ! !
wait	Verb	4	Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on Beauclerk .
wait	Verb	4	The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot .
wait	Verb	4	 They probably thought their old fogey of a boss had just come to wait on them ! 
access	Noun	2,4	And in the memo he says yes clearly ah they have access to ~FBI or justice department sources .
access	Noun	2,4	Some U.S. officials believe the Yemeni are concerned about sharing information that could be embarrassing to a country that has been called a haven for terrorists , but U.S. officials say without access to the witnesses here , the future of any American prosecution for the murder of 17 sailors is in doubt .
access	Noun	2,4	US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said the US wants complete access to the findings of Yemeni investigators .
access	Noun	2,4	In practice , the attorney general alleged in an affidavit , if an investor had access to cash '' the chances of being turned down by First Meridian were about as probable as being rejected by the Book - of - the - Month Club . '' 
access	Noun	2,4	A supply of cheap labor and the access to Hong Kong 's port , airport , banks and support industries , such as printing companies , have made China 's Guangdong province a premier manufacturing site .
access	Noun	2,4	DPP chairman Frank Hsieh also voiced concern , pointing out that when he recently canceled a proposed visit to Xiamen the news media had access to confidential information related to the matter .
access	Noun	2,4	Adults have had access to the only approved antiviral drug since 1987 .
access	Noun	2,5	Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long - deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome .
access	Noun	2,6	The clearance by the Food and Drug Administration comes after two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of AIDS to the only antiviral drug yet cleared to treat the fatal disease .
access	Noun	2,7	He says his aim is to reach people who are bedridden , have no access to transportation , can't find a lawyer to take their case or simply can't afford lawyers ' consultation fees .
access	Noun	2,8	The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion - 2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports .
access	Noun	3	In more than four years , 2.2 billion yuan has been invested in the construction of harbors and docks , storage fields , support facilities and infrastructure of the ports and city , creating good conditions for building access to the sea for the Great Southwest .
access	Noun	3	Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects , says Mark Dooling , president of Dooling & Co. , a Newton , Mass. , architectural firm .
access	Noun	3	Already , local Missouri judges have relied on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal trespass charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to Reproductive Health Services , an abortion clinic in St. Louis .
access	Noun	3	The Nanchang port became another " access to the sea " in Jiangxi besides the Jiujiang port .
access	Noun	1	Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes .
access	Noun	1	Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures . 
access	Noun	1	Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places .
analyze	Verb	1	When analyzing and forecasting this year 's economy , Beijing economists recently said that accelerating starting the city and township housing expenses will possibly cause the housing industry to become a new growth point of the domestic economy in 1998 .
analyze	Verb	1	The White Paper thereby drew the conclusion and held that , when using original production site statistics , its limitations must be fully recognized , superficial figures must be seen through , and the actual benefit that each party achieves from trade must be seriously analyzed
analyze	Verb	1	Analyzing the current direction , he says that global trends and the explosion in media have brought Western ideas of beauty to Taiwan , and the ideal of the " firm and healthy " physique is driving Taiwan consumers into the gym
analyze	Verb	1	Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention.
analyze	Verb	1	In another approach to the same procedure , the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements .
analyze	Verb	1	Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet and say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years .<
analyze	Verb	1	'' If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples .
analyze	Verb	1	To compare temperatures over the past 10,000 years , researchers analyzed the changes in concentrations of two forms of oxygen .
analyze	Verb	1	It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses .
analyze	Verb	4	Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities .
analyze	Verb	4	Harry fondly remembers the `` old '' days of the early '70s , when people like his friend Travis would take a psychiatrist on a date to analyze what Travis was doing wrong .
appeal	Verb	1	The federal government will not appeal the court ruling that cleared the way for same - sex unions .
appeal	Verb	1	I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , Mr. Roosevelt and his `` henchmen '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to attempt to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me .
appeal	Verb	1	Mr. Ahmad 's lawyer said he would appeal .
appeal	Verb	1	The stay was granted to give the school districts involved in the initial cases 90 days to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court here in Washington .
appeal	Verb	1	They appealed to the Supreme Court on behalf of these two people .
appeal	Verb	1	The pilots are calling the sdebt -- incident a misunderstanding and appealing their termination.
appeal	Verb	1	Sosa could get a suspension , but he could appeal suspension .
appeal	Verb	1	I know they 're going to appeal , but first tell me how you came up with the Chihuahua character ?
appeal	Verb	2	UN Secretary General Kofi Annan appealed to Israel and the Palestinians Tuesday to get back to the bargaining table .
appeal	Verb	2	The administration , hoping to de-escalate the violence , is appealing to both sides .
appeal	Verb	2	President Fujimori appealed at the opening ceremony for the countries of the Andes to strive together to achieve local integration , in order to shake off the state of being undeveloped .
appeal	Verb	2	Mr. Clinton appealed to them to continue supporting the peace accords .
appeal	Verb	2	Pope denied the charges and appealed to Putin for clemency saying he needs urgent medical aid .
appeal	Verb	2	The United Nations is also appealing for $ 229 million from international donors to help Afghanistan , a country shattered by years of war and the worst drought in three decades .
appeal	Verb	2	John Adams asserted in the Continental Congress ' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and Jefferson appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature 's God '' .
appeal	Verb	2	He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done .
appeal	Verb	2	As if to make certain that Wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all , Miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William Norris of Nebraska , the Fighting Liberal , from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard .
appeal	Verb	2	For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help .
appeal	Verb	2	For Angola , the United Nations is appealing for $ 202 million in food aid .
appeal	Verb	3	It 's the young people he needs to appeal to .
appeal	Verb	3	A provision allowing grants to be applied to first-home purchases was added to appeal to those who had had enough of schooling .
appeal	Verb	3	Many well - established products appealing to the upper middle-class found it impossible to resist the trend toward youth and had to change their own design and style .
appeal	Verb	3	It 's a message that appeals to those critical undecided voters and especially the supporters of this man , Ralph Nader .
appeal	Verb	3	An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson 's statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' .
appeal	Verb	3	It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation .
appeal	Verb	3	The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman .
appeal	Verb	3	More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level .
appeal	Verb	3	Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West and are well-educated , affluent and , especially , young .
cell	Noun	2	But in certain conditions such as autoimmune diseases and allergies and transplant rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions or cell destruction .
cell	Noun	2	When mosquitoes feed , they suck the mold element from the cells of plants into their bodies .
cell	Noun	2	A men 's fashion magazine that sells over 10,000 copies per month in convenience stores cautions its male readers that if they want to have the " face of an angel , " then every day they must do " three - step skin care " to rid themselves of dead skin cells .
cell	Noun	2	I believe now that the Senate will pass the legislation that we 're talking about which is more funding for stem cell research on frozen embryos that are extra basically ha- have been set aside for in - vitro fertilization .
cell	Noun	2	Huang states that research in recent years has revealed that adipocytes -LRB- fat cells -RRB- are active regulators of the energy balance in the body , and play an important role in disorders such as obesity , diabetes , osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease . 
cell	Noun	2	Men 's skin care products all assume that men have oily skin with built up dead skin cells , so they have very strong cleaning agents .
cell	Noun	2	The free radicals are released when oxygen carrying red blood cells called haemoglobin die .
cell	Noun	2	Degeneration of brain cells or neurons causes them to shake , shuffle and stoop .
cell	Noun	2	It works as a protectant of the cell so to stop the disease in its tracks .
cell	Noun	2	It would be better because you would n't have to take medication and you would n't have to do cell transplantation either .
cell	Noun	2	Mr. Olson says the treatment might also be applied to other brain diseases in which nerve cells degenerate , but he warns of a major hurdle in assuring patients get the proper dose of gene therapy because too much is bad .
cell	Noun	2	From the moment you pick up a lab report stating that the doctor has diagnosed cancerous cells , life starts to get tough .
cell	Noun	4	But have you seen Senator Kyl a dramatic improvement in intelligence gathering human intelligence infiltrating these cells over the past few years on the part of the United States ?
cell	Noun	4	We 've broken up cells.
cell	Noun	4	Yet Senator Lieberman there are still widespread reports that the ~US does n't have enough human assets spies that are penetrating some of these cells some of these al Qaeda related organizations does n't have enough native speakers in Arabic or other languages part of these groups .
cell	Noun	4	American investigators also say the way the bombers organized the plot in Aden has stark similarities to the way Bin Laden 's cells have operated in the past , but , they concede , while they are closer to learning the names of the bombers , they are still a long way from knowing or proving who sent them .
cell	Noun	4	Many members on that tape working together through a cell in Germany known as the Hamburg cell seen in the same room at the same time .
cell	Noun	4	Many members on that tape working together through a cell in Germany known as the Hamburg cell seen in the same room at the same time .
cell	Noun	1	Information cells swim around in it , and can divide , recombine , reproduce , and copy themselves without limit , opening up entirely new possibilities for the accumulation and application of knowledge .
cell	Noun	3	One exception is a continuing experiment at Stanford University where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells .
cell	Noun	3	A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team . 
cell	Noun	3	A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team .
cell	Noun	7	With regard to Greece 's long - bubbling bank - looting scandal , Mr. Papandreou 's principal accuser remains George Koskotas , former owner of the Bank of Crete and self - confessed embezzler , now residing in a jail cell in Salem , Mass. , from where he is fighting extradition proceedings that would return him to Greece .
cell	Noun	7	In 1951 , in a dark prison cell during a big Communist purge , what came into my mind was not fear of death .
cell	Noun	7	But from his cell on death row Williams spent years writing children 's books and preaching against gang violence .
cell	Noun	7	and there 's a sign on it that says tour cell.
cell	Noun	7	Rodrigo Miranda , a local lawyer and human - rights monitor , recalls an intoxicated Noriega visiting prisoners in their cells at the 5th Zone Garrison headquarters in David , where he had his offices .
cell	Noun	7	You go into a sample cell where they have the prisoners ' uh basic items comfort items laid out .
cell	Noun	7	But New York state , which is seeking solutions to its prison cell shortage , says `` no . '' 
cell	Noun	7	Grain elevators built in the 1920s and '30s have six - inch concrete walls and a tubular shape that would easily contain semicircular cells with a control point in the middle , the New York firm says .
cell	Noun	7	Here , the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society .
cell	Noun	7	The story of a woman in an East Texas jail cell tonight . 
cell	Noun	7	Since the bombing he has had psychological problems and has found himself locked in a police cell on three occasions after being picked up .
cell	Noun	5	Um and I should say you 're on a cell phone so we 're having a little trouble .
cell	Noun	5	Earlier in the day Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Brooklyn District Attorney Joe Hines laid out some of the evidence in the case in addition Dan to what we 'd heard before Which was the cops had cell phone records placing Mr. Littlejohn in the area where Imette 's body was found Witnesses saying that Mr. Littlejohn left the Falls bar with Imette And blood of Mr. Littlejohn 's apparently on the ties that were bo- -- that were binding together Imette 's hands .
cell	Noun	5	I want to ask you a little bit about cell phones now .
cell	Noun	5	It 's in cell phones and laptop computers .
cell	Noun	5	Whether it is cell phones , digital cameras or flat TV screens , Japan continues to dominate many sectors of technology and its manufacturing expertise is still world - class , and yet , it 's something of a paradox but after a decade of explosive internet growth around the world , only one in five Japanese goes on line .
conclude	Verb	2	She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- `` to settle with you where '' -- and she threw in a tribute to his `` gentle manners '' and `` the wild originality of your countenance '' .
conclude	Verb	2	[Tim_Russert] Let me conclude with comments by Bill Crystal the editor of Weekly Standard.
conclude	Verb	2	The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons .
conclude	Verb	2	In fact , at one point Merry Chase -LRB- Melinda Mullins -RRB- , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry .
conclude	Verb	2	If we use 25 teams , then that roughly adds up to little less than 500 ballots per team , and we figure we could probably conclude that within an eight - hour time .
conclude	Verb	2	It 's the first time they 've been face to face since the bitterly contested presidential election was finally concluded last week .
conclude	Verb	2	A senior Israeli official has concluded talks in Washington with President Clinton .
conclude	Verb	2	The deals were signed as Russian President Vladimir Putin concluded his talks with Indian leaders in New Delhi .
conclude	Verb	2	In haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings : a three-panel frieze , with a flying figure and a fallen figure ; ; a `` Double-Figure '' , which went to the Chicago Art Institute , and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts ; ; and in early 1939 , a `` Fallen Figure '' of very ominous character , which concluded his abstract phase .
conclude	Verb	2	We attempted to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned .
conclude	Verb	2	She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient .
conclude	Verb	2	[Dan_Abrams] And our series on wanted sex offenders around the country concludes tonight.
conclude	Verb	3	According to several people present at the meeting , Mr. Gorbachev also supported the idea of concluding several commercial accords with the U.S. , possibly at his next summit meeting with President Bush .
conclude	Verb	3	The franchisees , owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : `` We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby 's system .
conclude	Verb	3	Qichen Qian also pointed out that Chairman Zemin Jiang seriously appealed again at the 15th People 's Congress that , as the first step , both sides of the Straits could negotiate on " formally concluding the hostile state between both sides under the principle of one China " and come to an agreement ; and on this basis we could take up obligations together , maintain the integrity of China 's sovereignty and territory , and plan out the development of relations between both sides .
conclude	Verb	3	We reiterate Iraq is the one who has chosen to suspend oil exports , even though , the Security Council agreed to allow shipments to continue while the UN and Iraq concluded a pricing mechanism to reflect a fair market value for December exports , and once again we make quite clear we continue our work with other governments and with the International Energy Agency , and we are ready to take action to add supply very quickly as this situation should warm up .
conclude	Verb	3	The White House says the proposals deal with both the substance and procedure for a peace accord and the signs are to report back next week on whether there are grounds to try to conclude an agreement .
conclude	Verb	3	We exerted maximum efforts and we 'll continue to exert maximum efforts in order to conclude an agreement .
conclude	Verb	1	A Pentagon commission has concluded that US commanders in the Middle East must focus more on safety and recommends tighter security measures.
conclude	Verb	1	Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness , concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke .
conclude	Verb	1	But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem .
conclude	Verb	1	London has concluded that Austrian President Waldheim was n't responsible for the execution of six British commandos in World War II , although he probably was aware of the slayings .
conclude	Verb	1	The paper concludes that there is one candidate who will do that and that is George W Bush .
conclude	Verb	1	College students coming back from the work , at yesterday 's forum , spoke openly of the experience , concluding that volunteer work enables patriotic hearts to become a force for national service and that it is very meaningful .
conclude	Verb	1	Having repeatedly thought about this problem , Cheng concluded that prehistoric potters must have used an internal mold when working .
conclude	Verb	1	Thus Cheng concludes that the inclusion of gravel must have been deliberate .
conclude	Verb	1	The Washington Post newspaper reported Sunday that the officer overseeing the Navy probe of the terrorist bombing of the US Navy destroyer Cole has concluded that no one should be punished .
conclude	Verb	1	The admiral concluded Commander Kirk Lippold 's actions , while not perfect , fell within the `` acceptable '' range of conduct .
conclude	Verb	1	He may then very well conclude that `` everybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment .
conclude	Verb	1	We may conclude that all six points of information , ostensibly given by the dream priest , could have been furnished by Dr. Hilprecht 's subconscious reasoning .
conclude	Verb	1	The thing to lose sleep over is what people , having concluded that we are weaker than we are , are likely to do about it .
conclude	Verb	1	The Dolley Madison House , Walton concluded , was scarcely worth preserving .
conclude	Verb	1	In taking account of seventeen years of law practice , Adams concluded that `` no lawyer in America ever did so much business as I did '' and `` for so little profit '' .
defend	Verb	2	As you know , the Republican Guard just outside Baghdad to defend the city and Saddam Hussein 's regime , in principal .
defend	Verb	2	The Baghdad division , of course , getting its name from the fact that it is the Republican Guard division designated to defend principally Baghdad .
defend	Verb	2	President Arafat can not give orders to a people , to a whole nation , that is being killed every day and being asked to lie back and to die quietly , not to defend themselves .
defend	Verb	2	On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , Robert Dickson , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces .
defend	Verb	2	President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America 's national security .
defend	Verb	2	Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans .
defend	Verb	2	This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say .
defend	Verb	2	Hence their poison fangs are almost the only tools they have to catch food and defend themselves with .
defend	Verb	2	This is one technique , one possible way U.S. forces might seize a bridge , a bridge that might be defended by Iraqis .
defend	Verb	2	They 're going to be defended fanatically but intelligence is so crucial from aerial platforms and special ops personnel to give the three assets the intel which they need to close with and eliminate final remnants of the regime in those citys .
defend	Verb	2	We are defending the peace of the world .
defend	Verb	1	In court on Tuesday , one of the lawyers for the defense defended all the secrecy saying , '' lives are in danger ''.
defend	Verb	1	It is a total situation that is defended : the '' good old days '' .
defend	Verb	1	Mike was of legal age and presumed able to defend himself in the clinches .
defend	Verb	1	' You 'd be the one to say '' , he observed , and she found herself liking his approval none too well , but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were `` different '' , since all actions had their own laws.
defend	Verb	1	A previously unknown group calling itself ` Martyrs of the Oaxa Mosque Uprising ' said it had bombed the US destroyer to defend Islamic honor and to avenge the blood of Palestinians killed by Israelis with America 's blessing .
defend	Verb	1	' It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . ''
defend	Verb	1	Responding to his critics , Chavez recently defended his bid for power in a televized speech .
defend	Verb	1	He later defended the Chinese government 's response during a separate visit to West Germany .
defend	Verb	1	Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him .
defend	Verb	1	He used about 56 words defending the witnesses ' constitutional rights .
defend	Verb	1	Today , U.S. Secretary of Defense William Cohen promised to catch and punish those responsible for the bombing of the `` Cole '' and defended the Navy 's decision to refuel ships in Yemen as investigators continued their day at work .
defend	Verb	1	He is defending the use of the hand counts to resolve disputes over ballots .
defend	Verb	1	But the state defends it as a way to get mothers off drugs , reducing the risk of having unhealthy babies .
defend	Verb	1	Al Gore continued to refuse comment on the erecognize torl battle in Florida , leaving it to his point men , William Daley and Warren Christopher to defend the controversial hand recounts now under way .
defend	Verb	1	Defending what he calls his policy of restraint , Prime Minister Barak says if Israel thought that 2000 Palestinian deaths instead of the 200 now would really solve the situation , we would act in that direction , but Mr. Barak told Israeli Radio , using greater force would lead Israel into a much more complicated situation .
divide	Verb	4	This explained that the judge of probate of Essex County , 1785 or 1786 , appointed three free-holders of Gloucester to divide and establish the Norberg estate .
divide	Verb	4	' Now '' , said Arlene , eventually , making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak , the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable .
divide	Verb	4	In direct cash assistance , $ 1 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion is divided between general emergency aid and a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
divide	Verb	4	The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively .
divide	Verb	4	When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells , a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects .
divide	Verb	4	Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided .
divide	Verb	4	If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance .
divide	Verb	4	That this abandonment takes place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to associate Jacoby with art , and to bring down upon him the punishment for art ; ; that is , he is suspect , guilty , punishable , as is anyone in Mann 's stories who produces illusion , and this is true even though the constant elements of the artist-nature , technique , magic , guilt and suffering , are divided in this story between Jacoby and Lautner .
divide	Verb	4	Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in Chiba , and divided his life between the land and the sea , supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat .
divide	Verb	4	He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in residence ; ; that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance .
divide	Verb	4	Had she forgotten she had signed the car away , that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children ?
divide	Verb	4	Theresa turned away to escape , and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two .
divide	Verb	5	His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven .
divide	Verb	5	[Carl_Levin] Um and uh it is -- it is just so disgraceful to split Americans to divide Americans for any kind of perceived political gain .
divide	Verb	5	In general , you could divide the main orientations of Taiwan gyms into two basic types : local and Western .
divide	Verb	5	[Carl_Levin] And I hope that the uh president would disassociate himself and tell Karl Rove that he ought to be ashamed of himself for stooping to that level to divide us in order to try to pander to a particular audience or to make some kind of perceived adminis- uh political gain .
divide	Verb	5	Koo Kuang-ming , chairman of Koo 's Holdings Company Ltd. , which operates fishing boats in the South Pacific , explains that South Pacific fishing is divided into two types - net fishing , and line fishing of tuna .
divide	Verb	5	He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under .
divide	Verb	1	An ABC News poll shows voters divided on who will best protect Social Security , but 58 % support a plan like Bush 's .
divide	Verb	1	Economists are divided as to how much manufacturing strength they expect to see in September reports on industrial production and capacity utilization , also due tomorrow .
divide	Verb	1	With me now to talk more about the O'Brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are Barbara Blain , the founder of the Survivors Network in St. Louis and also joining us from Detroit Joe Mayor , the founder of a priest support group .
divide	Verb	1	For a President-elect who is committed to uniting the country and not dividing it , this nomination is one of the most divisive he could have chosen .
divide	Verb	1	[Anderson_Cooper] sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country.
divide	Verb	1	[Nicholas_Burns] They fou- thought that they could divide the United States from both our European allies and from Russia and China.
divide	Verb	1	Lawyers remain divided about whether anything is wrong with all this .
divide	Verb	1	But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone .
divide	Verb	1	The negotiators have been weighing out proposals over the most sensitive matters that divide them .
divide	Verb	1	Mr. Florio 's forcefulness on the abortion issue after the Webster ruling divides some of his old constituency .
divide	Verb	1	Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary .
divide	Verb	1	The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control .
divide	Verb	3	Old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont ; ; so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves .
divide	Verb	3	Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out .
divide	Verb	3	Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city .
divide	Verb	2	To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way.
reveal	Verb	1	A note scribbled by an officer on the Russian nuclear submarine Kursk has revealed that at least 23 of its 118 crewmembers survived the explosions which sank the vessel .
reveal	Verb	1	The patient , on the other hand , is far from neutral ; ; aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the triad , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language -LRB- i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education -RRB- , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before .
reveal	Verb	1	In this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school .
reveal	Verb	1	For Mr. Taylor 's Images And Reflections she made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer , and a girl 's cape lined with grass .
reveal	Verb	1	Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband , and the identities of mother and son are revealed.
reveal	Verb	1	The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth .
reveal	Verb	1	It was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed .
reveal	Verb	1	[Anderson_Cooper] Uh also why some are calling the riots in France that country 's Katrina problems long in the making that the violence has now revealed.
reveal	Verb	1	And as it unfolds , it 's revealing some of the more tangled and seamier aspects of Japanese society .
reveal	Verb	1	According to what was revealed in the meeting , as far as investment direction is concerned , Tianjin encourages Taiwanese investors to invest in infrastructure , base industries , funded technology concentrated industries , and high-technology projects , and to participate in the technological reform of large and medium-sized state - owned enterprises , to invest in third industry experimental projects .
reveal	Verb	1	Cars clocking 80 kilometers an hour zip along roads that reveal hardly a trace of the farming villages that they linked not long ago .
reveal	Verb	1	In the past only women had sequins , embroidery , or skin - revealing gaps as part of their clothing , but now these are being put in men 's clothing as well .
reveal	Verb	1	In demanding that Lee Teng-hui resign as chairman of the KMT to take responsibility for the election defeat , Ping -LRB- herself a second-generation " mainlander " -RRB- argued that the protest revealed an ethnic fault line in Taiwanese society
reveal	Verb	1	Careful inspection of the markings on the figures reveals that about 90 " master craftsmen " participated in the making of the terracotta warriors , each supported by a team of ten or more assistants
reveal	Verb	1	Pali has donuts , mussels , a garbage landfill , and troubles which have yet to be revealed to the outside world .
reveal	Verb	1	The Shih-san-hang archeological site , located in Tingchuo Village in Pali Rural Township , revealed the secrets of how the plains aborigines of Taiwan lived 2000 years ago .
reveal	Verb	1	But perhaps the aborigines ' open attitude toward and involvement in the natural world , as revealed in their legend of the nose flute , is something even harder to imagine for modern people who received a rationalist education and operate in a mechanized culture .
reveal	Verb	1	Their faces reveal a moving strength and mettle drawn from nature .
reveal	Verb	1	If the film In the Mood for Love , starring Maggie Cheung and Tony Leung , shows the face of Hong Kong in the 1960s , what Ko Ching-hua 's book Rising Tide reveals is a story of old Taipei , and the author 's little - known tragic and difficult childhood .
reveal	Verb	1	After 40 , temples start to gray and tense lines at the corners of the mouth reveal both determination and frustration .
reveal	Verb	1	The close grain of their growth rings reveals their age , and their resilience .
reveal	Verb	2	For example , over the last two years the Air Force has lost six fighter planes in accidents , revealing a serious weakness in managing high-tech weapons .
reveal	Verb	2	Wang Hao-wei , a psychiatrist who frequently writes on the subject of men in Taiwan , says that guys by nature find it hard to reveal their softer sides .
reveal	Verb	2	How should a founder of a start-up go about explaining its technology so that investors can understand it without getting so detailed as to reveal company secrets ?
reveal	Verb	2	He reveals that showbusiness promotion budgets have been cut in half .
reveal	Verb	2	In fact , on August 20 , 1976 , the Hebei Science Committee had issued a brief report which for the first time revealed the facts about Qinglong having successfully prepared against the Great Tangshan Earthquake .
reveal	Verb	2	It also revealed that the owners of Wal-Mart the Walton family has an average net worth at or near one hundred billion dollars give or take a billion here or there depending on the price of their stock at the time
reveal	Verb	2	A British newspaper revealed that the US had planned to bomb the al-Jazeera TV station in Qatar .
reveal	Verb	2	You can talk in general about what we 're doing without revealing the specifics
reveal	Verb	2	Some people think that the administration has gone too far in some of the counterterrorism measures they 've taken [Dana_Priest] And that some of the things that we were are revealing are creating a debate that could not have happened before
reveal	Verb	2	According to what was revealed at the working forum on housing reform work in some provinces and cities held in Beijing recently , currently the total amount of national accumulation funds surpassed 80 billion yuan .
reveal	Verb	2	According to what well - informed sources revealed , the African National Assembly will stop the majority of military activities , including drafting and arming cadres .
reveal	Verb	2	For example , over the last two years the Air Force has lost six fighter planes in accidents , revealing a serious weakness in managing high-tech weapons .
reveal	Verb	2	The spirit of the " child of Taiwan " reveals to us that even though Taiwan , Penghu , Kinmen and Matsu are tiny islands on the rim of the Pacific , the map of our dreams knows no limits .
reveal	Verb	2	Jerry Huang , executive vice president of U-Vision Biotech , reveals that U-Vision , which was set up in September 1999 , has signed a contract with the US company Zen-Bio to jointly develop human adipocyte cDNA microarray chips .
reveal	Verb	2	Huang states that research in recent years has revealed that adipocytes -LRB- fat cells -RRB- are active regulators of the energy balance in the body , and play an important role in disorders such as obesity , diabetes , osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease .
reveal	Verb	2	Dr. Johnsee Lee , who as well as heading up the Biomedical Engineering Center is also general director of Union Chemical Laboratories , a research institute under the ITRI umbrella , says that due to biochips ' advantages of miniaturization , parallelism , speed and the ability to reveal the " big picture , " they have a very wide range of applications .
reveal	Verb	2	It remains to be seen whether Lee 's visit will bring any change in sensitive cross-strait relations , but President Chen Shui-bian revealed after Lee 's departure that he and his guest had reached three points of consensus , including the need for a Singapore - Taiwan free-trade zone
reveal	Verb	2	As Lee reveals : " No one has ever done this before .
reveal	Verb	2	Lu Hsiu-chin reveals that most of the genuine items are held by the Department of Archeology and Anthropology at National Taiwan University -LRB- NTU -RRB- or by the Institute of History and Philology at the Academia Sinica .
reveal	Verb	2	Chao reveals that 40 years ago when he was taking his college entrance exams , he put down all kinds of choices of university but deliberately did not include NTNU , because he thought he was not interested in being a teacher .
stick	Verb	2	Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides '' .
stick	Verb	2	[Anderson_Cooper] the biggest -- . Jack you want to stick around for this the biggest study since the Kinsey report they say .
stick	Verb	2	Susan Filan 's going to stick around
stick	Verb	2	More often than not , ringers think of the church as something stuck on the bottom of the belfry .
stick	Verb	2	Sweat can evaporate through these pores without being absorbed by the fabric , improving comfort compared with traditional hydrophilic fabrics which when worn in the rain start sticking to the body after a time .
stick	Verb	2	However , the amendment remains stuck in the legislative queue for the time being 
stick	Verb	2	Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die .
stick	Verb	2	Cousin Joshua and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving British column , but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road .
stick	Verb	2	Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid 's back and behind .
stick	Verb	2	The lieutenant 's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull
stick	Verb	1	Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste .
stick	Verb	1	At the small four-room home of Elias Motsoaledi , a leading ANC unionist and a former commander in the group 's armed wing , Umkhonto we Sizwe , well-wishers stuck little ANC flags in their hair and a man tooted on an antelope horn wrapped in ANC ribbons .
stick	Verb	1	He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help .
stick	Verb	1	Instead of answering you , he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs .
stick	Verb	1	Harbor Point sticks out into the ocean like the fat neck of a steamer clam .
stick	Verb	1	The fins of a Caddy were sticking out of the garage , while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture .
stick	Verb	1	He was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes .
stick	Verb	1	Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , Wally would have been dead .
stick	Verb	1	He stuck his head in Mrs. Kirby 's little rental office .
stick	Verb	1	But then , when you stuck things into the holes , why did n't they come right out again ? ?
stick	Verb	1	I 'd stick a knife in somebody 's thigh in a heartbeat
stick	Verb	5	That first time was good and it stuck with me .
stick	Verb	5	City officials stuck by their estimate of $ 2 billion in damage to the quake-shocked city .
stick	Verb	5	Dr. Chung suggests that fitness should begin when young , and those who start very late should stick to swimming , fast walking , and exercise bikes , which are of moderate intensity .